Internal tools proliferation has created a mess for trying to get to basic information. Most people are required to learn/understand SQL Database queries to get any actionable data. 
not the most stimulating work. Good brand name to work for but the work itself is mundane as it can get. As a financial analyst you do very little finance. 
No proper growth plan for employees.Difficult promotion process requiring a lot more documentation than your actual deliverable. 
didn't last quite long enough 
Opportunity takes time up to two plus years! 
Long hours with only two 15 minute breaks and half hour lunch, so to have to stand on concrete without being able to sit is hard. Good luck trying to get the days that work for your life when you start. They tell you what days yo have to work. Either except it or move on. Do not get sick while working there. People have gotten fired for fainting at work. If you aren't fast enough to make a ridiculously high rate, the??Show More 
the hours are too long, you have to stand up the whole shift, you can't bring your phone in, there's no entertainment to keep you focused, it's always freezing, it's way too loud, the breaks are too short 
Management and Human Resources do not communicate to floor employees. The culture there seems to adhere to a he said/she said and if you are young and inexperienced in the work environment you will be wrong and targeted. There is no growing in this company even if promises are made. I do not recommend this company if you are a first time employee especially since they take no part in grooming you or helping you. They??Show More 
For being such a prestigious company, the benefits were very average. 
It was not a very interesting project. The challenge was more on the operational side instead of in the research side. Do not allow publication. 
Management is very poor 
Plenty of IT issues, lack of compassion from the higher ups, and somewhat a lack of ambition from some of the management staff 
mandatory overtime at random times, over worked for not much pay, have to use paid time or un paid time on overtime days 
after a while it gets boring 
Too hard. Too much standing. 
Like most retail jobs the hours can be very long. Especially during the holiday season. 
Long working days (no more than 12hrs/day), lots to remember, pressure can build up for short periods of time. 
A little unorganized but nothing thst can't be fixed 
No work life balance for software engineers 
managers expect workers to work like robots and achieve high rates. lots of favortism 
The first two training weeks are long days and information overload! It may take a bit before you hit your groove of feeling confident in your role. A performance summary offers metrics of how you are doing based on customer response re: solving their issue. When something takes multiple steps and you couldn't solve their issue immediately this metric will count against you. They do look at general improvement trends??Show More 
I did see any bad about Amazon I had a wonderful time and it was a true blessing to have found a place like Amazon 
Difficult to change shift ....................... 
Nothing! The people are great, customers can be cranky and rude, but other than that it's a great place to work. 
There really weren't any the whole time I worked with them 
Dont care about emploies period. Bottom line is the ONLY THING THET MATTERS!!!!! tHhe turn over rate is probably thre highest any where 
Operations managers don't know what they are doing. 
There are not really any cons, people here complain but why complain in a warehouse job. The public really outs us like it's a bad company. Love it l. 
high turnover ratio,all the time 
Standing and lifting for 10-12 hours a day. 
If you aren't in shape it gets tough and you just become physically and mentally exhausted. It is a lot of walking. 
Young leadership, no communicaton between leadership and associates 
They tend to hire leadership straight out of college who lack any ounce of people skills. They eventually get thrown to the wolves in Which they have to survive in their own with their superiors breathing down their necks, trying to meet unattainable goals. They eventually put all common sense aside and ask too much of there associates. It's no fault of their own, but forget that the monetary benifit from their emplo??Show More 
Frugality - though this is one of Amazon's Leadership Principles I think it is because of this employees compare perks, benefits and simple things like working lunch meets and put the company in negative light. 
Rates you on performance daily 
Workload is quite a lot for individual as one employee. 
young inexperienced managers 
hours too long n need more raises 
12.50 and hour heavy work long hours 
*Middle management treat you terribly, upper management and associates have been very nice and hard working but middle management are entitled, rude and borderline abusive. 
Very tedious work; almost no innovation. 
Poor internal promotions. People from the outside coming in will make more than someone that already knows the job. 
Long hours! 10 hour shifts. Very boring depending on what your job is. No music or phones allowed. Very strict on lunches and breaks. Management is HORRIBLE at communicating with other managers or supervisors. This makes any projects very frustrating for everyone. Amazon will hire a college student straight out of school with NO experience in warehousing and place him as manager. 
The only downside was being given so little hours. I would have liked to work a few more days a week. 
Customer service has it's cons. Cant ever go a day without having a rude customer calling in demanding things and ruining your day. 
Communication is terrible, work/life not so great, employees treated as robots or commodities and not people. Amazon will try to pay you as little as possible and unless you get a really great boss, they aren't going to help you develop. 
#NAME? 
Too many leaders and not a lot of leading going on. At my location, some managers are there for the money only. They hide behind successful managers. 
low pay, strict culture, unfriendly colleagues 
Like any big corporation this too has its own problems. 
The hours are long, and the jobs function can become monotonous. The repetition of work that doesn't provide any mental stimulation could be daunting to some. No phones are allowed into the warehouse, which is somewhat understandable. 
Long hours, poor management, not many chances for moving up or learning new things 
Co-workers are a mixed bag as far as work ethic goes. A few lazy employees on the line can ruin everyone else's quota and pallet build. Few ambassadors seem capable of handling any job beyond talking to their friends while wearing a vest that proudly states \How can I help?\. Leadership is in flux. At times it feels like things are passive-aggressive in what is asked of employees to do on behalf of the company - star??Show More
Management has no backbone and will not support you. Everyone fears HR 
Contractual Agreement is the reason to quit this job 
Sometimes the product is broken or gets lost in transit and it takes longer than was expected and you can't contact sellers 
Good workers can be let go cause they are not on managers favorite list 
The work is quite fast-paced, and management often has a lot of control over what you work on. The worst part about working at Amazon is having to be on-call. All engineers on a team are on an on-call rotation, which can get you paged in the middle of the night or on weekends. Even if you have no idea how to solve a problem, you have to be the point of contact on customer tickets while you have to page another engine??Show More 
Frugality is a pain when another tech company down the street offers free breakfast, lunch, and dinner. My friends claimed I suffered Stockholm Syndrome. 
Less coding , more operational work , less challenging 
Low retention rate. People move around a lot to different companies. I've worked there for 6 years and had 5 different managers. The commute into Seattle is a beast. 
Tough, competitive environment 
Lots of management turnover and the managers are often young graduates who are not seasoned so it takes a long time for things to gel. 
The actual job is very monotonous and very physical. The regular schedule is 4 consecutive 10 hour days and a fifth overtime day if needed. Pickers walk an average of 12 to 15 miles a day and at the end of a ten hour work day you go home completely drained. 
Training program is not sufficient to meet the companies demands and expectations 
They start you at one level below where they think you should be, so your first promotion, ias the job you should have had all along. 
Worked to death. I worked 7 days a week for over 8 months. No such thing as work/life balance. 
Takes time to move up. 
Work/life balance, Pager duty, Seattle Weather 
Physical labor, can get very tiring work 
Management could supervise a bit more, walk around to see what's really going on on the lines. 
Very aggressive sales targets. The team has experienced significant growth over the past 5 years and many partners are reaching a ceiling. The expectation is to continue a 40% YoY growth which is difficult to maintain. 
During xmas time, work life balance can suffer. 
tough but lots of great vibes 
Very high operational work. Bureaucratic. Not good for people with brains. 
#NAME? 
Experience is highly dependent on getting a good direct manager that will work to get you promoted and shield you from politics 
Ten hour shift are too long 
There were definite communication issues - at one point one of the managers was very passive-aggressive in communicating a criticism she had of me, which I felt was unnecessary. There were also issues with cohesion among the team - we were divided into two groups (one of which was clearly favored) and not really given a big-picture sense of how our work affected each other (they seemed contradictory but were not, but??Show More 
Management is very young and don't have experience outside of Amazon. 
A huge lack of transparency between management. Exceptionally political atmosphere where no one really wants to say the truth: Amazon is a company without a central vision. 
Unreasonably low pay. Amazon needs to up its game or find themselves sharing the spotlight with Walmart and McDonalds pay reputation. 
Long work time and on call pressure 
Unrealistic performance goals. Senior leadership is out of touch and driven solely by the numbers. 
The managers do not appreciate the employees. They treat the employees like they are slaves. It can be a bit boring as well without any music to keep you going. It's a ten hour shift so you will want to talk to other people but they will not allow you to talk much. 
Work gets redundant and boring sometimes. 
bloated, not as nimble as they think, senior level managers are like gods and can get away with anything without repercussions, people are just numbers - parts to be used and consumed. 
Managers forget that they play a leader role and like to sit behind the scenes and let the people under their pay grade handle the heavy work. 
Depending on team, can be stressful and unreasonable 
The pay is pretty low 
Most people who are promoted to a Process Assistant (PA)(Tier 3) are pre picked before the applications are filled out and interviews are finished. The managers encourage everyone to apply and schedule an interview. But the fact is the managers already picked the people they want and the managers are using numbers to tell the associates and whoever would like to know that management is fair. Pay is low and has not in??Show More 
Work/life balance. I worked 10-12 hours a day and was exhausted. They don't tell you that you need to work that many hours, but if you want to get promoted then you have to put in the effort. 
AWS lives by its Leadership Principles which is mostly a good thing. If these principles resonate with you then you'll be good. If they do not then don't work there. However, there is no Principle around treating employees well. The closest is Hire & Develop the Best but that does not quite mean treating employees with respect. Within some groups at AWS it can be quite harsh. That was not my experience but I hear??Show More 
The intense pressure can be overwhelming, so expect to see a lot turnover. It's hard to remain motivated at times if you feel that you're falling behind. 
Mandatory overtime!! :( also very very monotonous if all you do is pack 
As a virtual employee there is little opportunity to speak with someone by voice. 99% of communication is done by email and/or chat messaging - this can be very time consuming and leads to much frustration. Entry level pay is very poor with no room for negotiation. If overtime needs are not meet voluntarily, mandatory overtime is distributed w/o notice. 
Work life balance was sometimes out of whack. Holidays could be very demanding, but everyone understood that we needed to meet customer demand. 
very busy working as there're not enough employees in the department, possibly have to work over time. do not sponsor for H1B 
The work environment is unpleasant. There are tons of developers crammed into large open spaces. The buildings are completely devoid of personality. There are rows of developers sitting or standing at door desks. It is a very noisy place to try and get work done. You will be constantly interrupted by people pagers going off, cell phones ringing, people talking and gathering around and dogs barking. There are lines to??Show More 
They don't really value their employees 
Can be hard on family life throughout the year. 
You can get stuck with a lazy crew and it makes it more difficult for you to do your job. 
Management could do with providing a little more support when absolutely needed. Training materials were lacking, but not awfully so. 
Repetitive, easy to get overlooked, high turnover rate 
The best strategy is to enter Amazon as a new hire MBA, build your skills with different industry leading products and technologies, and move on by year 4. For experienced hires, your ability to advance in your career is 100% dependent on the networking skills of your manager, their experience with the process, and the quality of their writing due to a highly political, subjective promotion process. There are no defi??Show More 
For me it has been tedious. As a picker The job is not hard but the hours drag and by the end most people seem to be tired and wanting to go home. The managers try and make us feel energized and positive about the day but I still dread those 10 hours of walking back and forth the mods without really stopping because it might affect your rate. It is also not the best in work-life balance. The job can be draining and e??Show More 
It can be difficult to get work done quickly with a lot of people who are just there socializing and collecting a paycheck. 
Lots of hours, lower than average pay, lots of management change, most managers are fresh out of school, many have never actually worked before. 
The other associates aren't well suited for the job. 
everything, management is bad, pay is bad, and the work sucks. 
Less salary and hard work 
Not enough organization with high volume of employees. 
At some point, decision making became too \top-down\, which made it hard to stay engaged to products. 
Less ambitious people get marginalized. 
the downs are I!f you don't like to drive, or live in the area, traffic could be a problem! 
TOO lenient on certain things. A lot of people should be let go, but aren't. Too easy for people to stand around and collect pay check. Not flexible hours. 
You'll work a lot at times, but the reward will be an amazing product that creates an opportunity or solves a problem for the customer. Best for those who desire challenge and quick growth opps. 
Like all app based delivery jobs, too many drivers are hired. In this case, almost 200. Amazon clearly only cares about customers and not about the people on the front line so to speak who the customers actually can put a face to, which are the drivers. Working as an IC is hard enough, but after working two four day work weeks, I have not worked in twelve days and am on The schedule only once in the next seven days.???Show More 
Managers won't assign SDEI's interesting work. 
The hours can fluctuate and shifts are approx. 12 hours long. Almost all managers work a weekend day and half of the management team works a night shift schedule. The remarkably high demands can sometimes be too much for teams to handle. 
Slow growth in a matter of 10 years 
I can't stand the fact that it's no work-life balance. The 10 hour schedules suck, I'd rather work 8 hours shifts 5 days a week. You have to go through too much to get promoted when people you train get promoted before you. it's so much I can say but I'm going to keep at a minimum 
Not a fan of being on-call, particularly as the number of services your team owns grows, since we're always writing new services and many issues only come up in production. Very fast paced work environment, and very smart coworkers, doesn't leave a lot for work-life balance 
Plans/ideas change from day to day and can cause productivity losses 
After a few hours you go crazy doing the same thing over and over again but after your first two weeks you'll get used to it. 
The location was a little inconvenient. 
Long hours. Ambiguity. Lack of leadership 
You're feet will kill you and becoming a regular employee there is difficult 
Too much product for size of building; Management has to scramble to accomodate 
low pay, part-time only, no opportunity for full time work, management needs to interact more with employees, management not always readily available to employees, key positions not always manned 
Night shift is not fun. my schedule did not work out well for my family. The workplace was very backstabbing. People always wanted to backstab. Watch out for the bus drivers. 
The long hours of standing and walking each night can be tiresome. 
Company moves fast, so does the employees. 
The downsides can be working on a salary base, they can throw 40 hours at you one week and 50 hours the next 
lack of communication 
High Turnover rate 
It can be really stressful dealing with upset customers. 
Training should be longer then a week. And they should stick to what they believe is good customer service for customers packages being delivered to their home or business. Not everybody should not be a blue badge. 
Rare chance to move up, the area managers are all new hires from Virginia Tech and they come in not knowing absolutely zero. Jobs go up on the job board just long enough for the person they want to have to put in their application.(less than 24 hours) 
No issues with the leadership principles. 
Standing basically in the same spot for 9 1/2 hours and the reptition using your hands, you start to notice carpa ltunnel aches that last for days. 
every high school grad with no work experience will get paid the same as a seasoned worker , 
Shifts could be better scheduled. Currently, the only options are in the evening, starting at either 4 PM, or 9 PM. The 4 PM shift severely limits your options for second jobs, while the 9 PM shift will gradually eat away at your sleep time. A 6 PM shift, for instance, would make the position more viable for a lot of people with other obligations during the day. 
Work - Life balance can be improved 
Autonomy- no one is going to tell you how to do your job. You don't get a whole lot of guidance. It's sort of trial by fire's 
Short breaks, bad HR attitudes 
A lot of favoritism 
not applicable here at all 
None that I have felt. 
I don'l like working third shift. 
This was the most poorly managed operation I have ever worked for. 
Call center environment stressful and you must work hard. Breaks are monitored. No room for growth. The training is not relevant. Your pay depends on customer ratings. Cultural divisions. Management micro manages. Pushing people to take calls. You must work weekends. Low pay compared to competitors. Poor ergonomics and the benefits are very poor. HIGH TURNOVER. 
No work-life balance, work late nights and work over the weekends 
Company growing at an incredible rate. 
Have to spend a minimum of one year in a role before a promotion 
Hard to move up at the company unless you're a kiss up or know someone higher up, a lot of lazy coworkers, demanding rate, if you can't keep up, you will be fired, you will get hurt eventually. 
Managment sucks 
When promotions become available management already has certain people in mind. 
I work nights and my manager has to be the worst for many reasons. If it werent for her i would love my job lol. Oh and the hr is very rude. 
Before you accept the job offer make sure you are ready to put in the work required. Work/Life balance as well as project quality is heavily dependent on what team you are on so make sure to choose wisely. Also, you will likely be writing a lot of documents because there is no PowerPoint allowed so make sure you are ready to write. 
Break times of 15 minutes include the travel time to refreshments/restrooms.-This place is HUGE(like-8 football fields?) so returning to work within( 15 minutes from scan to scan) is difficult to feel refreshed. 
Need to go out of your way to ask questions and be independent, otherwise you'll drift behind on your work. 
Catering to employees that get upset when they're asked to do their job 
I don't have anything negative to say 
Chances of advancement are very slim, management is hit-or-miss. 
Long hours 65-70 hrs per week. 
Customers are rude, training is boring, they do not pay much 
Long approval chain. Oncall. Frugal. 
Mentally prepare yourself for rigor. There are high expectations for caliber of work. On the upside, learning + development is great because your peers are amazingly talented. On the downside, be ready to be in the middle of the pack. 
Odd hierarchy of mgmt that creates some tension. 
You never feel valued. Burnout, and poor management is prevalent. In an environment where folks are compensated for individual contributions, not building teams or working together, there is little recognition for Managers that care for or develop their teams. Good people are forced out of the Company daily due to the rating requirement to force out 10% of the workforce. The compensation does not reward your contribu??Show More 
Some workers are unprofessional and the management fosters them. Very click atmosphere without allowing people growth. Constant unprofessional activities occurring and the management allows and participates, encouraging turnover. No hr assistance. 
Work life balance is not that good 
A lot of politics, hard to grow 
The physical labor is hard on the back 
Communication between the customer service site and the \heads of the business\ in Seattle could be better 
Poor leadership from middle management, no consistency between them. Work schedules are not good for families. They knee jerk react when something goes wrong in any location and implement restrictions on employee's instead of being proactive from the management and communicate to employee's. They preach taking ownership in the work place, but have it set as an impossible place for an employee to share ideas. No accou??Show More 
All employees are not held to the same standards. A lot of favoritism at every level. Stated Company standards not applied. 
Short breaks 
Stand 10+ hours, seasonal, wanted more hours. Could work only 50 or 60 hours in a week. 
result oriented , does not matter how hard you try 
Work laborious/10 hr shift 
Be ready to take on the shortcomings of a multi billion dollar company. 
The company has a \unique culture\. Many managers and co-workers have a honeybadger mentality. This brews a lot of CYA and claiming of credit for whatever you can so that you could be safe come OLR time. There is a lot of lip service to work-life balance and collaboration. Reality is that it is just lip service. 
Long hours, a constant emphasis on performing tasks more quickly and more efficiently. A general impression of being a cog in a giant machine that management would replace with an actual machine if possible. 
Fast-paced, competitive environment, teams often worked in silos 
Very Little Work Life Balance 
Competitive, stressful environment. If you are a pessimist, tend to distrust people, or don't really like looking at the big picture, you will have a rough time (and you will give others a rought time). Don't apply if you're not extremely resilient. 
On call rotation sucks. Be prepared to have no life outside of work whenever it is your turn to be on call 
boring phone calls that last long 
The job is utterly, mind numbingly boring. 
Lots of overtime at peak and bad parking at peak 
While there is ample opportunity to grow with the company, internal promotions are not valued over externals, even with vast experience. 
It's seasonal so it's not very long. 
Inconsistent management of departments and individuals. 
Pay cut after peak season and bad parking 
Burnout is real 
If your not in seattle, you get 0 benefits. Even when your in seattle is pretty lame on what they give back for employees. 
The main issue now is that they have hired so many people that there are not too many hours available, 
It's difficult to work with some people and to work with some shifts that aren't yours, without playing the blaming game. 
Short breaks. At least as a part time worker. 
HORRIBLE OLR 
There is terrible work/life balance at this company. You are expected to put in long hours to stay on top of the curve. Less cool employee perks than other large tech companies. Pay is lower than other large tech companies. 
Work life balance, pressure to be the best creates a very competitive environment as well as tearing down those around you in an attempt to look better than your peers. 
No cons at all. Great place 
Got fired HR did nothing to fight for my rights- Lots of discrimination 
boring job, long hours, supervisors pick favorites 
You have to be a go getter. Don't expect much structure, or you might struggle. You may miss out on some industry standard terminology in certain roles. There's an \Amazon way\. 
Amenities are old. Overall atmosphere is little bit stressed. 
Pay is low and lots of walking 
not enough experience, very young company. 
Bad work life balance. Bad management 
Resources in certain departments could be allocated more efficiently 
back stabbers and glory seekers will surround you, local management needs more technical background 
There may be many on-calls in some group, work pressure is high 
*Depending on your manager, might work long hours 
not every implementation of the grand plan can be perfect. not every opening will be filled the way you hope. the energy necessary to perform non-stop for 10-hour work days makes other activities nearly impossible. part-time not available at every location 
Competitive, too many people trying to become a manager. Too high bar to get promoted. 
The company insists on their employees manage their work/life balance but while they encourage employees on one hand, in order to succeed in your position, you need to remove \life\ from that equation. Also, the NY Times article was correct in many areas, especially back-stabbing. While the company doesn't promote that type of activity, they certainly don't correct employees who engage in this behavior. 
People management and employee retention is low priority 
Difficult to keep a work life balance and not for everyone. If you cannot stay at a high pace and high expectations, it is not a good place for you. 
when things get backed up 
The speed at which Amazon is growing resonates across the company. 
Software Development Engineer bar has gone down slightly over he years as the company tries to add hundreds per month. 
Not as giving as some other tech companies. 
Everything mentioned in the August 2015 New York Times article was spot on accurate. If someone in management doesn't like you, they harass and bully you to force you out. If you file a grievance with HR, expect nothing. It is truly a horrific place to work. 
I had to work 7 days 60 hrs a week 
FIRST OFF, Amazon will lie to your face and make you feel like part of their company. The first hint of how awful this company is that they make you sign a waiver so that you cannot sue them on your first day! BUT, the moment you hurt yourself (which WILL happen working in the environments they expect you to work in) you will see the managements true colors. You are nothing but a number to them, and if you don't bust??Show More 
All about throughput. So you better make rate! 
working conditions, not much leniency with variable shift hours, lack of team leads and managers on the warehouse floor during shifts 
If working in Customer Service be aware that you'll get every type of customer imaginable. 
Things tend to feel slow some days, but it's really up to you to find new challenges. The culture can be pretty stressful sometimes, but never as bad as being a college student! 
Hours become long during peak and when leadership staffing is not appropriate for the department. 
Steep learning curve with limited support in the beginning. Company's working to improve training resources. 
Communication is Amazon's biggest problem. With everything. No matter what department your in or which department your dealing with. None of the mangers know how to communicate with one another or to their employees. If your pregnant, HR will give you a run of the mill of forcing you into the hands of LOA by saying the have no work (even though it's half-true, they rather not pay you) and if you haven't been employed??Show More 
Favoritism in management. If you are not in their \favorite\ group it makes it kinda hard to move up and from what i've seen people get leadership roles and the position gets to their head quick. 
The training which is done among ambassadors is not uniform nor is it to the standards of the floor supervisors who will be supervising you. So be warned you will be critiqued you will be written up be sure you stay at the front of the group so you receive your instruction loud and clear! It is better to have incorrect technique than to be clueless altogether about your job. 
Strenuous Work! It like a wet shop and the management is horrible. 
Didn't have any down sides 
To many people for them to keep track of 
The differential between regular associate to process guides (floor supervisors) was at the time .25 cents. On your feet possibly standing in one spot for hours. The pay could be better. 
they need to pay more money 
Weak HR most of the working time no one at office . 
Sometimes, obsessing over customers can be a compulsive behavior that means the company is overlooking the wellbeing of the \owners\ (Amazon-speak for employees). Lately, though, some public light has been shining on a few cases where employees weren't treated well, and that has resulted in some additional care and attention internally. I don't personally know anyone with a negative story like the ones in the press t??Show More
rains a lot, a little bit cold in the winter 
Unqualified managers, No people skills. 
Long hours, some managers leave something to be desired, need a higher starting wage 
Some areas of the company are hard to work for, the Fulfillment Center is one of the worst for IT. 
Dont expect it to be a 40 hr a week job. Brutal demands, low work-life balance, very exhausting. Dont expect rapid promotion-even if you are a unicorn superstar. You got to pay a LOT of dues first. 
Everyone comes to know EVERYONE!!!! 
You get used to saying \things area really crazy right now,\ and eventually realize that's just how things operate. Learning to say no and balance your own schedule is critical, because it's rare to have someone else do that for you and there's no shortage of great things to go contribute to. 
very agile, short sprints, very small chunks of work at one time, very complex and poorly documented development environment. 
Cutthroat management tactics, hiring management from outside prior to posting positions internally. 
Not the best paying for industry standards. Mangers are always replaceable (and frequently are). Even if you do an awesome job, you're hamstringed by coworkers who don't care. 
Unfortunately, they have the power to change your department without say. They also choose what hours you work without your say. If you don't want to work the night shift, oh well. 
Awesome job with lots of advancement. 
None company stock is down 
A lot of long hours year round for HR. Operations has it's peak season during the holidays, but HR's peak season is year round 
by flexible i mean that you will have to adjust your like to your job, so you will have to be flexible. there schedules are set in stone as well as the over time. 
Always in rush 
Can get tiresome. Not enough people to do all the work 
Long shifts, must meet rate, breaks and lunches too short. 
Mandatory seven day work schedule. Expect managers to be connected to their phone and internet. HR tolerates this behavior and has no backbone to prevent seven day work schedules as accepted norm. 
Terrible work-life-balance. No one likes on call. 
Much of the work at Amazon now is dedicated to management and bug fixing. Keep this in mind while considering an amazon position. Amazon HR tried to move me to seattle after I signed my offer for a particular team. 
too many recruiters stepping over everyone's toes 
No reimburse for gas or tolls, they can mess up your hours and you need to make sure that they tell you about your tips because sometimes they don't. 
Mamagement looks down at employees 
Being on a good team is very important. However, it seems moderately easy to switch teams of that option ever comes up. 
Miscommunication of work schedule and overtime days. 
Management is so fragmented that you'll ask four different people on your team the same question and you'll get four different answers, with no cohesion. Communication is lacking, to say the least. Absolutely no tutorial on how to execute any tasks, even ones brand new to you. Starting salary is arbitrary and there is essentially no way to manage a bump in pay unless you change jobs completely into a different area o??Show More 
Zero work life balance. Offers a tuition program but you are paid so lowly that you will never use it as most employees will qualify for a Pell Grant. Top out at $2 more than your starting salary after two years. 
To some, the pros are cons. 
Less perks compared to other companies. Quality of engineers went significantly down due to massive hiring and lowering the bar. 
working for long hours sometimes 
metrics to keep up with 
The area manager job is seen by most in the FC as the most difficult job at the entire company. Work/Life balance is extremely challenging. During Peak, there is none. You will work over 60 hours per week at a minimum, sometimes up to 70. For 2 months straight the alarm clock was going off at 330am to make it in to work a 13 to 14 hour day, 5 days per week. It can get very mentally and physically exhausting. I usuall??Show More 
After the safely training l saw was a joke l thought l was back in high school,l understand about rules and safely standard but communication should be more involved than this is that and that is this ok now go to work Amazon should to better 
You have to be self-directed. Not everyone can do that, and those who don't struggle. We don't do a good job of helping people like that and they end up leaving. 
Work/Life due to extreme customer focus 
Long hours and stupid team leads 
It's hard work, but still nothing to extreme. 
Your only as good as the people you have working for you. 
Treated like a glorified babysitter 
Work/life is/has been a challenge at Amazon. Some groups are better than others. Promotions can be hard to come by if you aren't willing or able to sacrifice some of your personal life in order to get it. Not for the faint at heart. 
Amazon's a company that has been (an will be) in hyper growth mode. We believe in being flat and decentralized with employees expected to use high judgment (instead of complex policies). There are growing pains for any company/team growing like this. We hold our core values at the nucleus of business (which is great), but there are challenges in growing this quickly. 
No work life balance, no structure or organization. Everyone wants to move up quickly so it creates a hostile work environment. The amount of hours you work isn't worth the money. 
Back-Stabbing Work Culture, Lack of Respect and Value for Experienced Hires-Subject Experts Mostly Generalists, Rewards \See What Sticks\ mentality 
You have to work long hours 
None really, everything was great so no complaints from me. 
terrible working environment in the warehouse. people were miserable and it showed. management frequently neglected the needs of its workers. 
exhausting work, doesn't pay enough for the long hours and quotas we have to meet, same work day in and day out gets very boring 
Complete lack of accountability for some managers - drunk driving charges, inappropriate relationships with subordinates, leaving work to have drinks and then returning to work, sexist remarks in the workplace. The facility where I worked has a Senior Leadership team who have no idea how to lead. They try to motivate through fear, belittlement, and intimidation. They have no concept of how to develop or train. 
A bit of a luck factor in terms of team/ business line and role allocation 
I don't think everyone realizes how much we really need each other's help from beginning to end. There's to many of the stowers that chill in isles and block isles and overfill bins. Also they don't shut them leave stolls in isles. We are having a lot of trash and items on the floor that people just walk on buy. 
Not a lot of hours 
Crazy working hours (mostly during peak), high stress and pressure for daily performance, high turnover of associates and managers 
Pay is not top in industry like advertised. Lacking opportunities to move up unless you want managment 
They pay is very low. You feel like a robot. Tooany people breaks are short due to all the people and the metal detectors and badging through the doors. 
Corporate bureaucracy can sometimes be frustrating 
Bad living place for an engineer 
Pay is too little for all the work you have to do. Not enough vacation or paid time off considering you have to work 10 hour shifts so realistically you only will have 8 days off a year when you combine the two together. It's hard to plan out vacations 
Management sucks 
Bad work life balance if you have a family 
Sometimes we are not recognized for our good work. 
No work life balance. Hours do not make the pay worth it. 
Operational load can be very high for some teams. Competitive environment. 
none, cant think of negatives 
Not enough holidays & vacation days 
Do not depend on getting full-time during off-peak season. 
Not much opportunities to rise up in the company. Also the training process was difficult because of all the people they hired at the time. Seems to be run by a lot of young and inexperienced people. 
Not a big fan of on-call, and work life balance is not always very good. 
To tired, we seldom have life because of the once mechanism but we can learn much things. 
hr needs to get people who actually want to help 
The expectations of performance can be brutal. The retention rate is terrible. They expect you to do it one way to achieve quality but your speed will suffer for it. In the end it is all about the speed. Also expect to work 60hrs of over time during peak season. (Nov-Dec) 
None. I am learning everyday,. Nothing to complain about. 
Lack of respect from many Area Managers; won't get back to you when they say they will. What they promise you hardly falls through, etc. 
can be rigid in change management. 
Sometimes the pace is too fast and demanding 
Some associates complain about external hiring. Many associates spend most of their time training others some of which are new management/leadership. 
I live on the eastside of Seattle, and driving in can be crazy at times. My commute coming in from Bothell can be as bad as 45 minutes - 1 hour 15 minutes, if I drive in at peak 8-830am times. I have to drive in peak times to drop the kids off, so my manager is flexible on my start time - it can still be tiring though. I'd suggest taking a bus if it matches your schedule. If you can drive in at 7am, commutes are MUCH??Show More 
very competitive and you will see a lot of jerks in management. 
very busy and no time to stay with family 
Hard work but it has been described as paid exercise. 
Physically demanding.Daily Rates/goals. Timeoff takes a while to accrue your first year. Long hours on your feet...shifts are ten hours plus.Management/staff have high turnover. 
The holidays will bring in some very annoyed customers 
Lack of communication don't say we'll get off one time then keep the belt rollin past the time and expect people to stay 
Long, grueling hours in the summer (especially with no air conditioning), but nothing really to complain about as far as the management or how employees are treated. 
Downside are lazy people like most jobs and favoritism. 
Unorganized 
You have to consider your career path and progress yourself. 
Not that I can think of 
Horrible work life balance, demand and expectation is that you work well into the evenings and you have very little time away. A vacation day has never been a true day off. 
I can't think of any cons at the moment, I've been extremely happy working at the amazon fulfillment center. 
work load can be taxing at times dues to required finishing times in order to make numbers. 
I don't like having to work all weekend but it is temporary. You do have to work fast to meet productivity. In my department we are expected to scan 160 pieces per hour and sort 200 pieces per hour. Sometimes it's easy but if you get a lot of heavy things to sort it can be difficult. 
Perks could have been better for a largely based sales company. 
temps in and out. peak season...too many people 
Thankless, lack of development, no work/life balance 
Long walks to and from your work station 
Slow upward mobility and Leadership 
low EQ employees, lots of hierarchy 
task become simple over time 
I was a seasonal employee which they do to a lot of people so they don't have to pay benefits. 
Role can be confusing at first 
There is not much respect for good, task oriented workers. If you do as you are told and not much else you will burn out here quickly. You must also know when to drop things on the floor because the amount of work will always be more than your time. 
Not enough hours in the fulfillment centers. 
I don't think I had any bad experience while working as an intern. Interns were treated as kings.! 
You have to be self motivated. NO ONE will hold your hand and tell you that you're doing a great job. If you need constant affirmations from management, this company isn't for you 
Too busy, a lot of projects. 
Amazon can be a bruising environment for those that are not used to having their ideas challenged. This criticality is not always a bad thing but this idea of questioning everything often causes more problems than it solves. 
get treated like a nobody, its all who you know in order to move up, employees dont matter 
Nothing to say in here. 
Your work/life balance really depends on what team you're on--some teams work 50-60 hours per week while others work upwards of 80 hours. 
Seems hard to get rid of bad people. 
Team vary greatly. Many people are type A, bold and unapologetic, and it is common to see that people are eager to point out others mistakes in order to make themselves look good. A little bit cut-throat. Many employees lack work life balance 
Located in Detroit, average lifespan for SDE's is very short. 2 years average 
Work life balance is also challenging, this is part of working in a very fast paced environment. 
Busy day, difficult to maintain work-life balance. 
In general it is a discouraging, sad place to work. Micromanagement seems to be the secret leadership principle. 
Pager duty, too much operational work, too much oncall tasks. The annual review process makes for a competitive environment in which you will be pitted against your peers in your own team. 
My family life suffered. Although I had a lot of success, I failed to manage my personal life and what I did each day wasn't scalable long term 
It's a stressful environment, projects are constantly being assigned, expectation will be raised constantly, etc. 
The extremely high turnover makes it really hard to just DO YOUR JOB, let alone do it extraordinarily well. The lack of depth and breadth of knowledge because most people are new means you get a lot of wrong information/wrong answers, and spend an inordinate amount of time just chasing down basic information to do your job. Lots of time wasted spinning your wheels here, since there is little to no \institutional memo??Show More 
Schedules can be grueling around big releases and winter holidays due to the nature of the retail business. 
If you live on the outskirts of the East Side, the commute into Seattle can get a bit old at times. But there's enough flexibility you can work around the core of rush hour traffic. 
*Downtown Seattle traffic is getting difficult and the public transportation has gotten worse over the years. I spend 9 enjoyable years taking the bus, but now must drive myself. 
The work culture is intense and some folks might feel undue pressure to match some of the more effective people around you. I am no exception to this rule, but as I understood the culture better, I have come to realize that I don't have to race with my peers to succeed here. In many teams, the relentless pace of innovation might result in more operational burden, but most teams take this very seriously and have highl??Show More 
lots of associates there all the time 
HR employees are rarely on site, for assistance, 
Extremely demanding job physically and mentally, Under constant pressure to meet production rates and quality standards, Hidden undercurrent of politics and favoritism that can be found within most large corporations 
challenging hard work that takes time 
After a while, it gets tedious and redundant. Feels like it no longer matters. 
High school playground with associates 
Commuting into Seattle isn't great and it can be difficult to find parking that is reasonably affordable. 
Because working for Amazon Operations is a very results driven and rapidly changing career, the stressful work environment might not be for everyone. Each fulfillment center however has strong leadership in place and encourages obtaining help from peers if struggling with projects or change. 
long repetitive work in hard conditions 
Manager level is tough and rude, no management skills at all. not good for life and work balance. get phone call at 3:00am of midnight, lower pay, cheap company 
Look forward to long hours during Peak season 
No company is perfect at all things and there are certainly things Amazon can do better. First is correcting the perception that there is no work/life balance. i have been in roles in Amazon where there was very little balance and I've been in roles where there is a good balance. What I've come to learn, is it is generally on me to draw those lines and stick to them. The company does need to do more to help employees??Show More 
Working for Amazon is incredibly demanding. The company is highly data driven and every action must be backed with copious amounts of hard data. Do not expect decent work/life balance if working in operations. 
Pushing people to their limits on speed for numbers has its downside. People get fatigued and frustrated when pushed in this fashion. 
Work life balance varies by organization. In most of the orgs I was in, work life balance was okay, not as bad as others claim to be. 
Long hours if you work overnight 
Politics can get in the way of accomplishment in certain functions, and the silo effect can lead to competition for resources and priority. 
Flex hours schedules allows for 3-5 hr shifts depending on volume. Be prepared to buy comfortable walking shoes. 
Some metrics you get rated on are outside of your control. You still need to find solutions to those uncontrolled outcomes by creating new solutions to increase your culture of safety. 
Management needs to pay attention all the workers equally, co-workers were friendly but managers sometimes get rude. 
None. Work is work. Every job is going to ask you to work hard and I love that this is a value here. It's important. 
There are always more interesting things to do than hours in the day, and Amazon will take as much time as you give. You have to be willing to set and enforce your own limits to maintain work/life balance. That means saying 'no' to things that seem super interesting. 
Not every team is equal, some have it really rough, but a lot don't. 
fast paced environment; the pressure to perform, and always perform is across the company hierarchy; 
Operations team creates a lot of issues that could be avoided, creates work for us that is time wasted, should be spent improving and developing equipment and processes to make the facilities more profitable. 
Some times e have to use extra time to work 
I would say the most clear downside is that Amazon is brutal to someone who can't manage their own time. That's the most common situation I've seen where someone didn't do well at Amazon. Saying \no\, prioritizing and dropping things on the floor when needed is a crucial skill. As I mentioned in my pro section, we often have 1 person doing the job a whole team really should be doing. So you're going to have to figure??Show More
Not many full time positions 
Metrics are not fair. Could do better. 
If your idea of work-life balance is heavy on the life and light on the work, you probably won't enjoy this atmosphere. 60+ hour work weeks are pretty much the norm form October to January due to high customer demand. There is a huge disparity between salaries paid to exempt vs non-exempt employees. 
Long Hours 
Sink or swim mentality that doesn't value people development as much as it should. 
You run out of time, you run out of a job. But this seems fair and leaves you in charge of your time and life 
During the orientations we were told their would be many opportunities for promotion from seasonal to full-time employment. Nobody on my floor managed to pull that off. 
Be careful on team selection, some teams have ridiculous support responsibility where as a developer you cannot really build much 
there is much ambiguity among the team 
The promotion process is, at best, convoluted. As I mentioned above, I'm having discussions all the way up to people at the VP level concerning Principal promotion requirements, and it's basically a one to two year process to get all of the ducks in a row, so to speak. On top of that, the formal titles and levels don't necessarily match the rest of the industry: what an SDEIII (aka Senior Software Development Enginee??Show More 
10 hour shifts on your feet, half hour lunch 
There isn't anything I didn't like about my job, the people around me, or the facility. It was an all around great expirence. 
To thrive you have to be comfortable with uncertainty. Teams are constantly rotating and your job function will constantly evolve. 
Demanding environment, and fast changing. Benefits not very well. Not many holiday 
Say yes to every task and you'll burn out quick. 
parking, perception, rate, labor hours 
Sometimes the work-life balance is not that good; the company is too huge. 
High expectations and intense workload 
Would Love It If they Offered More Hours To Employees That Were Willing And Able To Work Them, Other Than That No Complaints. 
Did not feel anything about downsides. 
I work at one of their fulfillment centers, and it is very hard work. That is, if you are a hard worker. It seems like the lazy people get to stick to the easier jobs. However, I'm sure their jobs are less secure. 
repediative work , 10 hour days 
salaries (Minimum wage), benefits (10% off, capped to $100 per calendar year) as part time employee. expect to get non-stop calls. it's pretty slow during holidays. 
The location for the company is in downtown which brings inconvenience. 
Wish breaks were a little longer being that it takes 5 minutes to get out the door because the warehouse is large 
Not enough hour need to be more cooler in the building 
Nothing is wrong with the place great people great work to keep you busy 
There is a definite ceiling to how far you can go, the raises tier needs work, peak season is always a rough time for your personal life 
long hours, no bonuses paid, i have a long commute. I am traveling a lot too from Seattle to the bay. 
Disciplinary and time system sucks 
Delivering and insisting on the highest standards is not for everyone. If you're working on product launches and it becomes crunch time then you are likely to be working harder than a regular 9-5 job. With that said, though, I've got many friends who manage a good work life balance. Some roles make that easier than others so it's worth choosing wisely. Amazon isn't a company that coddles its employees though...so if???Show More 
I didn't have any thing to say. 
could work any hours, long hours 
#NAME? 
Long day, people suck, short breaks 
Work like a slave and newer people move up faster 
Work load is very high in some peak seasons ,work pressure is very high 
On-call. Not every team has this, but some teams do. For some teams, on-call is a breeze, and for others it is a nightmare. But this should come naturally to teams who are responsible for multi-million dollar code directly impacts customer experience. Although at first it may seem pretty daunting, once you get in the rhythm it's really not that bad. Plus most managers/teams are pretty understanding and you can come i??Show More 
Some management can be very horrible to work for. A lot of management is young kids straight out of college and don't know anything about discipline, how to control a numerous about of people. Management doesn't respect the hourly warehouse employees much. No real chance of moving up of being promoted. Job could be hard on the body physically and mentally. 
long hours and management is not that good 
Not very employee friendly. They will push you to hit rates that are a bit extreme. Mandatory overtime that may not be announced until the day before. Long shifts. You may get a three day weekend but the first day is catching up on sleep. 
Management and long hours on your feet 
They don't value their workers 
Understanding that its seasonal part-time job - nothing negative 
The training doesn't translate to actual work activities. The hiring process was disorganized. The feedback on performance is lacking. 
Physically demanding and sometimes the overtime is brutal. 
Long Hours, Draining, Poor Management, Overtime, Hours 
Prerequisite for area manager role 
Don't keep you long No benefits 
The benefit program has changed for the worst. 
stressful work environment 
Still need time find cons. 
Pay is low, no benefits, 
Because the company is so large, there is a high possibility that someone has already worked on your project so the task of merely digging up prior work and data is a time sink and often frustrating. This means often delivering slower and that could be frustrating for people like me who need to deliver fast. 
There are no cons to working at Amazon. 
VERY fast paced, sink or swim, but if you can swim you'll go far. Oncall is required on pretty much every team 
Although it was overall a positive experience, upward mobility was difficult. 
Too many people don't know what you do 
Company can shut down your publishers account for any reason at all for arbitrary reasons. 
The only negative that I would say for AWS is the salary growth for longer term employees. 
No differential in pay if you work in different departments. 
Amazon is pretty frugal and it doesn't give you perks. Depending on the team you could work long hours. 
Layoff rate is very high after December 
Can be easily taken for granted due to the lack of selective leadership engagement. 
On call 
The intellectual property that I develop, seems to be mirrored in its likeness and in its nearly identical timing of those same intellectual property developments, as it relates to the variety of similarly associated/named/etc. products that are located in the bins that I \pull\ product from to obtain customer orders. Maybe it's just a funny coincidence or potentially, a friendly reminder of the tasks I'm meant to do??Show More
It's mentally and physically draining , you spend a lot of time alone and you're required to work extremely hard 
Amazon being an E-Commerce is not very user friendly. It was very difficult to obtain information and technical help from other co-workers worldwide. 
Very repetitive work, can feel like just a number, high expected rates, body hurts after work, mandatory overtime is required 
Can be too process driven 
A bad manager can kill your chances, and the atmosphere can be brutal - particularly the anonymous feedback system. 
Upper management doesn't listen to people on the floor, very disorganized, doesn't value high performance employees. 
Bad schedules. Young managers with no management experience. 
Training was 40hrs/wk for 2 weeks which was difficult to handle but possible as a student. 
Not many cons to think of. 
breaks arent long enough if u r far away from the bigger break room 
Heavy work load, not a streamlined process for interns 
Many politics and nonsense job set. I dont really like that. 
walking 10 miles a day 
Amazon has daunting work hours 
depends on team. My team is not a mature team so you kinda lost sometimes. But some of my friends really have a better experience, in their teams. 
Long hours standing on feet constantly 
Interview was challenging and seemed rushed 
Too many bosses in one place 
Amazon success depends heavily on upper management, it all depends on who your senior managers are. I came from another building and went to TPA2 who has horrible senior leadership. Promotions are not based on who has the best shift or process improvement, but instead the process is subjective and is a popularity contest. TPA2 has a lot of senior managers who are friends with their direct reports who soon get promoti??Show More 
Department heads need more training. 
Long hours, not a lot of appreciation 
Lack of opportunities out of one division or another. 
Standing for ten hours a day is hard on your body. I was on night shift which was extra hard. If I had lived in Lexington I would have stayed just tried to switch shifts. 
There is nothing negative I can say bout this company. It's all that one hopes for in a company and everyone owns part of it 
Peak season could be rough sometimes and dealing with certain associates might be hard. 
Your feet hurt when you first start but you'll get used to it after a while! 
Stress cesspit. I have been stressed ever since I have joined over a year ago with 2 weeks not being extremely stressed during Holidays, and then back to constantly being stressed out. There is a constant push, you have to juggle multiple tasks at once while expected to have quality which translates to ton of hours. I think I worked more weekends than I had free weekends, get ready to work tons of hours. 
Packing: It's incredibly monotonous and soul draining 
I did not like the way they ended your assignment 
work in bad position for spine/back for 10h, 
Not anything I can think about. 
no flexibility, standing for long periods of time. short breaks, and they expect you to be back 3 minutes early. 
Management is poorly selected below operations tier 5 AKA any one with leadership on there vest this includes HR. 
Demands are high, and the decentralized nature of the company mean that culture can vary from team to team. 
The culture kind of sucks. Everyone's got cash, just not enough fun to go around... crushing bureaucracy, major hierarchy, ask for permission to pick your own nose, etc., etc. 
Politics influence your rating and promotion 
NA 
NA 
NA
