You're surrounded by smart people and the projects are interesting, if a little daunting.
Brand name is great. Have yet to meet somebody who is unfamiliar with Amazon. Hours weren't as bad as I had previously heard. But i guess can be long for corporate finance
Good money.Interaction with some great minds in the world during internal conferences and sessions.Of course the pride of being a part of earth's most customer centric experience
nice pay and overtime and different shifts
Opportunity for those not afraid to work!
Pay was good, benefits from day one, meet a lot of new people, a lot of fun contests, and great giveaways. They keep you hydrated with the endless water supply
Got to meet some decent people from jersey, when it's a little warmer out its nice ride from philly to jersey
The salary is good for the work involved. They offer stock however only after a year of employment at the company.
Great company, great people. One of the biggest benefits is being able to reference Amazon as a recent workplace on your resume.
Not too intense. Lots of outdoor activities during. The people are nice. Everyone is assigned a mentor. The salary was good as well.
Decent pay, but there are far better opportunities in the area
Co-workers and management teams were generally upbeat, and it was easy to get help when you needed it most. This was a work at home position, and the hours were steady.
good benefits, guaranteed 40hrs a week, paid time off , ect
you get a great pay and it helps you out with getting other cleaning jobs
Great pay. Great people. Great.
Great chances for promotions. The company is growing fast year after year. You can get a promotion every year. You work hard but play hard as well. They take good care of each other.
Fun working environment, challenging, lots of people to interact with, lots of overtime bumps your pay way higher than the estimated (up to $25,000+ a year), typically get 3 day weekend unless it's the holiday season.
The people are great too work around and they try to fix all situations
Very productive learning experience, and great company to start your career
lots of over time.. make great money
I have fantastic support and training. Help is only a chat away. Our team stays connected in a team chat. And individual conversations with leadership are easily accomplished. I feel appreciated and valued working here. Time off and schedule changes are easy to arrange as well. Skill building and training are ongoing there is usually opportunity for additional hours. There are a host of skill sets to be trained in an??Show More
I had a fun time do business with and will continue to do so in the future I would recommend it to anyone
If you are not willing to work hard, then this is not for you
Everything is great. This is a great company to work for with great people. You'll love it here! Go now!
Great hours, able to work from home, awesome benefits for anyone that sells a lot of items through them.
None It was the harshest place I have ever worked where the employee had no value
You get promoted by chatting with people and doing nothing important.
Great company , lots of benifits, would not change working here for anything, they are doing alot of hiring. Many locations throughout the country. Constantly hiring
great work environment ,some times
Amazon has great benefits and the pay was okay especially since we were guaranteed overtime. Management was relaxed and they didnt micromanage. You just had to make sure you were performing.
Working at Amazon is great during peak season. It was a great experience because of the diversity there was.
Nice benefits, good hours, good pay
Benefits are outstanding. Co workers excluding management are outstanding.
Ignore the news article from recent NY Times on Amazon's terrible work culture. I have been working here since 2012 and yes the first few months was hard in terms of understanding how. what and when to get things done. But once i figured out pace, what really matters and dove in I loved going to work everyday and do what I do.
Good pay and Great hours
Good work and life balance
big company lots of options / teams
Great experience working this job
Benefits And Insurance Advancement Growth
*You get to have Amazon on your resume
High visibility/impact.
Great place to work with many great benefits.
Good pay. Well organized company. Great benefits. I worked at a warehouse in the inbound side. They showed me how to operate a forklift and gained a lot of experience on how a warehouse works. 3 days off.
They take very good care of their employees and I do miss working there. Always a good schedule and two thumbs up
Good hours, decent pay, work from home, Great managers
Compensation and benefits package is great
#NAME?
Great part time, flexible schedule. More hours can be added as needed. Great holiday perks and food periodically.
networking, resume, promo items, paid trip to seattle
If you search you will find opportunities to grow and learn new things.
The company offers fair wages and amazing great for all types of employees, and provides daily incentives to maximize productivity. It's a great first job, or an opportunity to explore an area in the field of logistics.
Awesome co-workers, awesome environment to work
Consistent hours as a direct hire. 18 hours with pay guarantee. 30 days until dental and vision. 90 days until medical, which is far better than most part-time positions out there. Free beverages in the break-room, reduced costs of snacks in the vending machines. Plenty of work when the shipments are accounted for correctly. Advancement is swift if you are open to doing anything asked of you without an attitude.
GREAT benefits with stock and health insurance. Pay is not outstanding but stock makes up for it.
Leadership team has excellent grip on employee
Very good quality products and usually arrives on time and when it doesn't they refund your money no questions asked
There is always room to grow cause the company is expanding
I get to use some very advanced tools. Amazon is a large company so there are in-house utilities for everything. An interesting part of working at AWS is that the services are built on top of other AWS services. There are very few use cases for third-party infrastructure. If you have a problem with one of the services, you can engage with engineers on that service's team directly instead of having to go through custo??Show More
Great cultural values that makes you think about how to run the company from the management perspective. One of the best companies to develop your career and to develop strong work ethic. Lot's of former ex-Amazonians have come back.
Brilliant people around , hard working , motivational teams
Good benefits, fairly good pay, casual environment. People bring their dogs with them to work. Nice location in downtown Seattle.
Plenty of opportunity to learn more about Amazon and its internal tools
Good health benefits. Hourly wage is very fair for the area. Working conditions are decent. I work inside most of the time.
Great benefits as soon as you're hired. Great management team and lots of opportunity to move up if you apply yourself. Also offers tuition assistance after one year of continuous employment and is willing to work around a school schedule.
Extremely innovative company and intelligent co workers
Lots of time off, good opportunities for advancement
Compensation was great and I loved being around very intelligent people. People listed to my ideas.
They give a lot of hours, simple task and a lot overtimes.
Ok Money easy to get hired
Flexible Schedule to work around school or another job. Decent pay considering the ease of the work.
Great brand and clients. Unique opportunity to sell a cross platform solution to some of the largest companies in the world. New products in video make the future compelling for advertising sales.
You work hard, but it is rewarding. There is a strong network of dedicated leaders who will help you succeed if you put in the effort.
amazing company to work for
Great if you have no brains and like following rules.
Lots of opportunity for interesting projects
[76] NA
Smart and driven colleagues. Had great direct manager. Hard and interesting problems to solve that really matter.
The pay is great
I worked in the Product Compliance as a contractor, and for the most part my job was great. My part of our team was very cohesive, we were trained well, and the managers seemed to appreciate our work. They took our concerns/suggestions for improvement into account. When I had to change my work hours due to a family emergency, they were very accommodating.
There are a lot of smart people, but they think they are smarter than anyone else.
The company name obviously comes with perks
Teamwork, high velocity logistics, processes, and variety embrace the experiences at an Amazon Fulfillment Center
Learn a lot of new things
Exciting product launches and hands-on training
You get good pay and great benefits. If productivity is high, you will receive a bonus of 4% as well as your own stock from day one at Amazon. Pto, Upt, and vacation time is given on your first day.
Great place to build a career nice Benifits and can move up with the hard work and some manger willing to help build your portfolios.
smart hard working employees, some departments manage to mitigate the giant company culture
A lot of overtime was offered. Learning the job was easy, because nobody minds lending a hand. Friendly work environment.
Fast moving company. Smart people
Opportunities to move up, may help with education.
If you are hired as an Amazonian you will get a pay check every 2 weeks. If you are a go-getter and can impress the managers you may move up to a Tier 3 associate(PA-Process Assistant) (there is not a tier 2 associate position in the fulfillment DC). They have restricted stocks as a benefit. Once a year they offer cash to those who want to quit Amazon. You cannot return if you take the money. People and most of manag??Show More
Learned a lot in a short period of time. They said 1 year at Amazon is like 5 years somewhere else. I felt that way during my 4 years.
I worked in the Biz Dev side of the AWS partner team for 2.5 years and loved it. The pace of innovation at AWS is mind blowing. The products and services that the team works with are market leading and the opportunity before AWS is staggering. I thoroughly enjoyed my 2.5 years there and would have happily stayed for me. I was scooped up by an AWS partner to lead an even bigger opportunity.
You're working with the smartest people in the industry on a lot of tough problems, so expectations are high. But there is a lot to learn if you pay attention, and the teammates are very supportive
Easy, no customers. When you become a problem solver you have to use your head a bit which is nice. Stressful but I enjoy it
Working in Customer Service has many areas for specialization; retail, Prime Now, Amazon Logistics, to name a few. There are multiple helpful resources to find answers to problems. There are always new projects developing. Frequent overtime opportunities. Individuals can make exceptions to policies when it's in the customers best interest.
Fast paced and rewarding. People were focused on results and our team was driven to deliver on those results. Great teamwork.
Met a lot of nice people; casual environment - don't have to wear suit and high heel shoes. Health care in the facility.
You get paid on time. You can take a lunch break. You get health insurance.
Give lots of unpaid time
Good company to work for if you don't mind working hard. Great benefits for associates.
Fast paced at the ship dock, it makes time go extremely fast.
Great company to work for if you're tech oriented. The interview process was a bit thorough, but necessary, The pay was solid and I moved up within 6 months. Overall a positive employment experience.
Good Training program, steady work, opportunities for advancement, good benefits
Fast-paced culture where you have the opportunity to experiment and launch new ideas and innovations without bureaucracy. Generally ideas grow organically vs. are dictated from the top down which is a great opportunity for those who want to experiment with new products and features, test them, iterate and scale. Success is dependent on your ability to iterate and scale products vs. nailing it on the first launch. If???Show More
The experience can be different for all people. Some of the good things about working here of course are the pay and the people you have a chance to meet.
Hard workers get ahead easily.
Lots of hours, 4 day work week (unless you have to work overtime) good benefits
Great hours, flexible with class schedule
there are no pros to working for amazon, besides good insurance.
Good benefits, Paid time off, unpaid time off, medical, dental etc.
Great benefits and incentives with no probationary period.
The environment was very fast paced with emphasis on shipping products as quickly as possible while still maintaining a high quality bar.
For the highly motivated and ambitious there is no end to learning and role opportunities.
Oh my God, this job is the best kept secret, now mind you I had to drive a little ways to get to the job site because I live in Milwaukee, and the Job is in Kenosha, but its well worth it, the pay is great and the energy is so high, you get to wear jeans, a t shirt and tennis shoes, there's a lot of walking so you get a full work out, so if you like to stay in shape, this is the place, you get paid every Friday, my d??Show More
Decent hours for part time. Pay is pretty good for the work. Not slave labor, nor are you treated like a slave. Very lenient on many things.
Amazon is an amazing place to work, learn and grow - quickly. Your peers are best in class, and you will learn more in one year than you will at other companies in 10 years. Amazon pays well through salary, bonus, and most importantly - stock.
Customers live the service. Tips are tremendous. You are paid $18 per hour plus tips.
Fast growing environment. Can learn a lot.
Amazon is a challenging and opportunistic company. I have been given the freedom to propose new ideas and implement network wide changes. Amazon has helped develop me through working in different FC's and departments in my career.
Ownership and their leadership principles
Good benefits, friendly coworkers, nice paycheck, feels good to have 3 consecutive days off, you are given plenty of time to use, and they do have activities for associates during the summer, and holidays.
You get to work on a ton of stuff and use the latest AWS technologies and learn how one of the biggest software companies in the world manages its software processes
Good Leadership, plenty of opportunities for advancement
Pretty Simple and straight foward. Friendly people.
It was a pleasant work environment.
Competitive salary. Innovative company to work for.
I worked 40 hours a week until peek hit. Then my hours were up to 55 a week.
Managers that listen, plenty of O.T.
freindly place to work, job requirements are easy to learn, fast paced environment, help from other workers is readily available
It looks really good on a resume. People always ask about it. Safety walks, gemba. It is great if you are young and with out a family.
The pay is good for the area we are located in, able to work night shift to not have to pay for childcare.
Great company has a lot of business units and branches, so you might explore different teams easily.
The compensate well, working 4 and sometimes 5 days a week depending on holidays and others
Nice coworkers
Multiple opportunities for growth
Working with a high number of clients all over the world increased my ability to be customer orientated and also detail orientated which was one of the most important facts in my job
Extra hours available sometimes. Can wear comfortable clothing. Great people to work with. Pay is good. You get unpaid time off. You get holiday pay and perks during the Thanksgiving and Christmas time of the year.
If you are starting out in life it is a great job. The benefits are great. I had a son last year and haven't paid for a doctor visit yet.
Awesome place work.
Putting in overtime, your check look nice.
clean environment ,plenty of work if your willing to work overtime.very good benefits ,including tuition for school,bonuses(vcp),paid time off
Decent pay considering there aren't really any prerequisites for the job. Some positions will even pay for a minimum number of hours per week, so you'll still get a decent check on slow weeks.
Great learning opportunity for interns
Autonomy- no one is going to tell you how to do your job. You decide the best way.
Spacious, personal and vaction time give
Great people to work with. A lot of incentives
very good work culture at amazon
They take great care of us.
Very good company to work for.
The insurance benefits were great.
Will be exposed to new trends. You will meet very intelligent people. Many are friendly based on culture, if you click.
Best company to work at as a fresher
Great concept to work for.
Get to bring your dog to work, very nice people, very smart people
Works with your school schedule, benefits start immediately, flexible paid time off and decent pay.
meet a lot of fresh faces.
Working for Amazon you have so many opportunities to grow and move within the company.
Great benefits such as medical, vision, and dental insurance. Personal time, vacation time, and unpaid time. 401k and other benefits
I joined Amazon after completing my MBA from a top 5 program. In my opinion, Amazon provides the best possible environment for mid-career development.
Full Time Amazon Associate Great Benefits
Opportunities to work with full-time team members on many of the same tasks. Lots of respect from other employees.
Does anyone know the starting salary for an internal employee once they become Area Manager?
Great company to work for
Decent pay and benefits for a part-time job.
Above average industry salary.
They offered a lot of overtime, you can work from home
Think big. Fascinate technology. Lovely people.
Working as a PM at Amazon gives me the opportunity to dream up the future, and then actually build it. It's like having the best-funded startup ever.
Great minds, many opportunities, challenging work.
If you can dream it, share why it adds value to the Company, you can build. It's an amazing place to be part of, literally changing eCommerce daily.
The outside a great company.
Great place to grow in your career
Good salary, good health insurance , working with smart people, work closely with customers
The benefits and the pay rate is great
Benefits are really great
Innovation and new Ideas are abundant. Expanding into new markets at a fast pace. They are one of the top cloud network providers in the industry.
Good Pay and Benefits after being with company for required time.
Great medical
Great pay. Steady work. Overtime.
Awesome work . scope to learn many new things
Easy hire process/decent pay
Your job will be stable if you can put up with the BS.
Great brand to have on the resume. The company is doing some very interesting projects. Opportunities to transfer across division is a great benefit.
Good atmosphere and diverse workforce at the entry level
Smart people, room to grow professionally
They give everyone a chance. They don't discriminate based on age, race or gender. Lots of opportunity get overtime especially during the holidays. Lots of Unpaid time off
Transfer opportunities all over the country and the world, medical, dental, vision and life insurance, 401k match.
Good pay, flexible hours, an environment with a lot of really smart people that you will learn a lot
Good Money
Fun job, lots of neat things to look at, nice pay.
Fun and easy rewarding job
It's amazing to be part of such an innovative company. We are constantly pushing boundaries of what is possible and accelerating delivery to the customer.
It's a wonderful job great pay all over fun working inviorment.
Great Benefits. Diverse Workforce. Self Guided
Fun environment and great people to work with
Challenging work.
Depending on which team your one, you could work like crazy or work a few hours a day.
The reserves position is awesome because you create your own shift.
You get paid enough and the work isn't difficult.
Learning something new everyday. Friendly staff. Good pay. Parties and prizes. Good experience. You learn how to manage time more efficiently.
The only thing about working for amazon is that it looks good on resume
You will be working with very talented and smart people. People are not afraid to throw out all of their ideas, which makes design meetings and teamwork fun and challenging.
Leading edge, always something new, challenges are always right around the corner, never a dull moment. Anytime feedback is good when used the correct way.
Short process, took no longer than 3 days to get the job. Hiring event was pretty quick also, nothing major
Got fired hr did nothing to fight for my rights
Good pay, good benefits, good people
Great opportunities for go getters who are willing to put in a lot of energy. Can learn good practices, which will be useful beyond. Good for young folks.
The project asked to do is not hard. Our mentor is actually very nice.
Great opportunities with a big company
amazon is a good company to move forward.
Flexible working environment, new technology
High energy, fast-paced environment. Motivated and driven leadership. Streamlined fulfillment strategy.
was given opportunity to invent and make changes
The base salary is good compared to other companies. life in Seattle is comfortable.
*Awesome people to work it and learn from
benefits, starting pay, philosophy, 4-day workweek, education benefit if you're able to use it.
Amazon has unique culture and startup mind no matter how company gets bigger. They encourage you to be different, disagree to someone, invent tools and be frugal. Regarding to my team, we have enough freedom, no micromanagement, no politics. Managers are nice and smart, they help us a lot. Company is growing so fast, and you will have many opportunities. It will be very exciting working in this company, especially in??Show More
Amazon is one of the most fast paced work environments I've ever witnessed. Combined with the encouragement of innovation and owning your work you can choose to success or fail. If you are successful you are also well rewarded.
Smart people, customer-centric approach, brand recognition and prestige
Always innovating and striving to be better, this is a high functioning company with high demands. It will always push you to improve. Good compensation especially when the stock is appreciating.
good pay an time flies bye fast an it not hard work at all
I work as a software development manager for Amazon at Seattle. What I like most about working at Amazon is the ability to make large scale impact on the way the world buys stuff. And I get to do that of my own accord. Autonomy, independent thinking and ownership are encouraged here better than any other place that I know of. Amazon is a great place for builders and if you enjoy building things (robots at home, softw??Show More
Lot of challenging problems to deal with. Mature infrastructure lets you focus on core problems rather than how o build and deploy
Amazon is a great company. They are very good with benefits and stock bonuses.
Very challenging; expect to learn a lot in a short amount of time. Fast paced. Never a dull moment.
The people I love doing at I was doing its a lot of fun
Great Pay & lots of overtime available. You WILL stay busy.
matching 401k
decent hours, OK pay, opportunity for advancement, state of the art technologythat can be used to make work much more streamlined and convenient
Your surrounded by great interesting people and the culture that is fostered and cultivated at Amazon is wonderful.
Had a great time. My internship was incredible. I worked on tough problems and learned a lot of new technologies over 3 months.
Always something new to learn.
Lots of responsibility early on, really smart people, dynamic business setting-constantly learning and evolving as a leader.
Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, Stock), PTO (Paid time off), VTO/VTO(Vacation Time off & Voluntary Time off) UPT (Unpaid time off). When working here pregnant, it's a breeze until it's time leave 4 weeks before your delivery date. You get paid to sit down and chill (if your an advent reader, it's a good time to use work as your own personal library) Only good for if your desperate in getting a job.
Great place, always work to be done. Good co-workers. Benefits are good compared to other places, and pay I assume is better than the surrounding businesses in the area.
Amazon is a fast paced work environment with catchy company cheers and an opportunity for you to be the yell leader you can't help but get fired up about being part of the winning team...
Benefits and incentives are amazing at Amazon.
I really liked it it was a easy working environment
The pay there is good and they give good hours
Best benefits I have had working for any company. Amazon will not let you work more then 60 hr in a week they believe in a healthy home life.
its asteady work, fun environment
very nice people, paid weekly.
Amazon is stoked with bright people, a reasonably fast pace, ever growing and expanding business, and a vibrant startup culture. Over the years, a lot of rough edges have been smoothed, and if you're on the right team (there are many great teams), it is a great career experience. The fact that Amazon obsesses over customers tends to filter out the ego maniac managers and rude people (if they can get hired by Amazon o??Show More
Love the summer over there, and the working environment
Health Benefits are great, You cant find better.
Great benefits, some nice people, good opportunities to move up
There are very skilled people who work at amazon.
You get to work on very cool things, with a lot of responsibility and ownership, in a fast paced and exciting environment. You are in the center of all things happening in technology today.
Best reason to work for amazon is definitely the benefits and insurance that they provide. It is amazing that I don't have to worry so horribly over dr bills anymore!!!
I'm not going to lie, this is a very hard job, but that's what I love about it. I get to go super deep technically, I've worked with folks to invent cutting edge algorithms, we've routinely delivered against wildly audacious goals, and my team is brilliant. I can't imagine learning or growing more rapidly than I have here. I get to wear a lot of hats in this role: people manager, technical leader, business strategist??Show More
large complex systems, enterprise java, good salaries, flexible work hours
Room to move up, 3 day weekend.
The no hassle benefits are great. They have plenty of shifts for everyone's preferences. It's fast paced and has a very friendly atmosphere.
They often hire from within and there seem to be a lot of opportunities to move up. They also have fantastic benefits
Great benefits, good coworkers, awesome company.
Laid back west coast culture
Plenty of room for advancement at Amazon. They do like to promote from within.
you get paid well, meet well people, and get to work as hard as you please ( for all the workaholics).
Good pay master
It was okay. Easy work
Good pay, Benefits, and hours.
Creativity encouraged due to lack of standard process.
A good place to learn cloud computing and distributed systems.
Decent high velocity place to work, not the most employee friendly company though.
Employees get a lot of autonomy to try new ideas/projects/etc. If you have a good manager and are working within a good group, it can be a great place to work.
Decent, pick own hours. They do provide uniforms as well as badges and hats and you are allowed to keep any tips you have .
Great work schedule, great coworkers,
It's a great opportunity for learning. You will get right in the thick of things, and will be given opportunity to do well.
You learn a lot of new things and it's a fun place to work.
If you find yourself in a tight-knit crew, stay there as long as you can. The biggest \pros\ will be ones you carve out for yourself over a long period of time.
Insurance, flexibility for going to college if you've been employed for more than a year. If you can become favored among the management, you will receive the \good\ jobs in the warehouse.
Work with great, smart people, in a world leading environment. You will learn a lot and be challenged a lot, and you have a lot of control of your career. Some reviews state you are expected to work hard, often and smart. It is not a direct expectation, but that behavior correlates well with successful Amazonians- who would probably do that anyway.
Great culture and people to work with. Had a good time, made great friends. Work is good, sometimes demanding but plenty of flexibility to choose your projects.
it is a great place to work
Great people to work with. Great leaders also
For the most part, you are in control of what you are doing. You don't get micromanaged a lot. At the end of the day you will be able to see if you won or lost based on how you ran the shift and what variables you had to deal with. There is not a lot of bureaucracy or red tape and things move very quickly. The day also goes by very fast. You walk out the door at the end of the day knowing exactly what you accomplishe??Show More
job was seasonal didn't get much opportunity as a permit job,Training as well but the demand was overwhelmed and they talk to you like you're a teenager,Place was clean and safe
Ownership - I've worked at a number companies ranging from startups to companies bigger than Amazon. The level of ownership is unmatched.
Autonomy, Customer Focused, Innovative Culture
Good pay and fun people
Compared with many of my previous jobs which offered little to know benefits, Amazon offers a great and varied amount. Even within my short time of working with Amazon I am already seeking promotion opportunities.
Has a good track record with inventory and shipping abilitys.
paid the same as an area manager
Great opportunities to work on far-reaching and impactful projects. Definitely worth working there. Lots to learn. Could be worth the challenge to your work/life balance.
At Amazon, you have the opportunity to work on problems that impact real customers in really big ways! We're at the forefront of multiple industries (devices, cloud computing, ecommerce, and drones to name a few). Every day, you'll be provided opportunities to make decisions that drive forward what customers care about. You'll also be surrounded by the smartest (and often funnest) people of your career. In 10+ years???Show More
Pay is very good with the shares and benefits.
Pay, Benefits, Casual Work Space
They offer good pay and benefits
Everything about the company is great, yes some people disagree with me but a job is a job you must be willing to work hard to make money. A lot of people complain about the long hours, well you knew that when you signed up. I personally didn't see any issue with the company. Pay was great, along with the benefits.
decent pay, but not much else to say. amazon can offer benefits, but they tend to contract a third party to avoid that for warehouse workers.
solid amount of hours, can make good money, flexible for students/anyone in school
Pay is great if you overlook the complete lack of work/life balance; opportunity for advancement within the company - good luck promoting out of this building. Sr management will go behind your back to stop you from moving to another building
Great program with lots of visibility and cool projects
It is comfortable, easy to catch on and very friendly. They know that there is life outside of work and that things happen out of our hands, that may cause us to miss or be late even leave earlier. Great benifits and we're catching on to new ways of making all employes to feel comfortable and rewarded for there hard work.
Fast Paced, Friendly Management and a Nice Facility with top of the line break and computer room.
Rapid growth potential, Hands-on leadership experience, clear culture and corporate values
Benefits, internal transfers, long term growth.
They do have great benefits, health,vision,dental 401 k and stock options, love my schedule.
Competitive salaries; friendly people, good benefits, great space
Good training place for an engineer
Working with many different people and products. You get the opportunity to voice your opinions on subjects that matter to you and someone will actually follow up with you. Different shift patterns and different days so it makes it somewhat flexible.
Benefits (1st day of employment)
Amazing work culture and great career path
We had personal time, we sometimes received cola cash where we can buy stuff from the store inside of amazon.
Great pay and learn a lot.
A lot to learn for a college graduate, including but not limited to: coding, design, operation, continuous deployment, all kinds of best practices.
all positive nothing bad to say
Smart people and challenging projects
The work-from-home program allows so much flexibility! Great management and support teams to help you every time your working.
It is a some what tight nit community, and they also seem to really care about you. They also care about making sure everyone is safe and comfortable. There was no tolerance for messing around with the machines.
Intelligent coworkers, good company location, and good salaries.
Much to learn, much to learn, much to learn. Colleagues and managers are very nice.
good pay
They offer some good benefits and the pay is decent starting out,depending on your area. They provide paid maternity leave as well as continuing education benefits.
You get to learn a lot in Amazon.
Take Warehouse associate ideas
it was a good multinational working environment
Intellectually challenging and smart people to work with
I was able to move up within 7 months and get into human resources. Getting into human resources has helped me get a better look at what a true career is.
I'm a recruiter for the eCommerce Platform group, and love it here. As a tech recruiter, I'm hiring software engineers and managers, PMs, support engineers and data engineers.
good compensation and smart people
it is a good company and comfortable
Great people, great management, great benefits! Many opportunities for advancement.
Great benefits! Healthcare,dental,vision, 401k,monthly peformance/attendance bonuses,. Opportunities for advancement and overtime! Lots of extra perks!
Great communication with co-workers and supervisors
Work is easy, Meeting new people
Very good pay. There was a lot of physical labor and strict working conditions, but well worth the time.
The hours and the pay has been worth it.
Great Pay
Good location, work atmosphere, nice colleagues and team! I learned a lot here. Good work and life balance.
Great company, awesome product and culture!
Great benefits and pay, however you are paid on a monthly basis if you can manage that schedule.
I get to choose what hours and days I want to work. Pay is very high for an entry level job and everyone gets along.
good pay, works with my school schedule, lots of opportunities to grow within the company
I like this job because I'm scheduled to work overnight. I've been in the cs field for a long time and this is cs too but you don't have to talk to anyone. I work on the receiving line so I just scan boxes all night.
Awesome hours and had to cover multiple locations. Nice perks, but could always be better.
competitive pay. amazon discount. no micro management
Competitive compensation, work with smart people, bring dogs to work, drink at work (you'll need it)
Good place to work for young people
Great Leaderships Principals, Customer obsession
High IQ employees, always learning, being at the edge of innovation
Unrated tasks
I liked my bosses and people I worked with. Hourly pay was decent for not needing any experience. It filled a need for a few months and wasn't a big deal when I quit,
Great place to work!
You need to be very self driven. There is very little hand holding here. A lot of respect for innovative thinkers who drive projects.
Plenty of perks. Very flexible with scheduling. No one on one interviews.
Good Culture. Used to have lot of parties for interns.
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
It has good salary. And the environment is good.
Getting to solve technical problems at scales that do not exist elsewhere. Working with some of the smartest people on the planet
nice check, nice PTO . its ok
Great place to work and to develop.
The people are intelligent and down to earth, you get a lot of exposure, and are able to make decisions that affect millions of customers
Focused on results.
Flexible work hours, wide access to resources, fast moving, intelligent coworkers, casual dress attire, very efficient, not may bureaucratic obstacles
Technology, company structure, scale. SDE teams are encouraged to operate like startups while leveraging the power of a robust and active internal technology stack
Challenging environment full of smart people
Nice pay, knowledgeable staff, I had a great manager.
The money is good and the benefits not bad.
Excellent pay, and health benefits. Depending on your organization, the work culture could be stress free. Peers are technically excellent and the hiring committee makes sure of that.
Working with smart people who were always working to improve things. I also enjoyed being part of a winning team.
As a Tier 3 in a fulfillment center, it's been a rewarding experience. You have a lot of tools to help you succeed, if you know how to look for it. There are mentor programs, 'leadership' classes, the career choice program, etc. I've always been fortunate in my management!
Lots of opportunities to learn and move around. Some really awesome people, the downside of which is, they don't stay at Amazon.
I love working for a company customers love. Every time someone learns I work for Amazon I hear a story about why they love Prime or their Kindle. Many people also have great stories about customer service going above and beyond. This is vastly different from other companies I've worked at where the first priority was profit and cool tech regardless of what customers wanted.
It's impressive how much responsibility and opportunity you're given compared to comparable career levels at other companies. That are lots of big projects. I've had the opportunity to launch new devices and entirely new online retail shopping experiences internationally. The energy rivals any start-up I've been in during my career - but we never have to worry about making payroll!
* a place where builders build. I've designed and built some enormous systems, doing difficult tasks.
Innovation, continued focus on positively impacting customers, autonomy (and accountability) to make critical decisions, work with and learn from incredibly smart people.
fun work most of the time
Most managers are nice and helpful,
Good medical benefits, VCP (a form of profit sharing), stock in the company (restricted until you have 2 years as an amazon employee), and various raffles and gift card giveaways for tier 1 employees, vacation time, personal time (paid and unpaid) that is accrued over time
Motivating, intelligent, team, ahead, the best
Have several family members working here. Good base pay, starting hours are good. A half hour lunch. Really good coworkers. Nice management.
Great company to continue your education
Flexible Hours - I can start my day when ever I want.
Challenging work environment, huge opportunity for growth, competitive pay, and great benefits. If you like seeing results and being recognized as the worldwide leader in operations, supply chain mgmt, and working for a Fortune 50 company like Amazon, then this is the perfect opportunity for you.
great pay at starting at 13.25 an hour. very flexible hours
Big company, famous company, can learn lots of things to improve myself
The opportunity for advancement is abundant here at Amazon
When you venture into a job with Amazon, you are likely not going to be prepared for what you experience. Amazon is a place where you will have very challenging work for a very good cause, customer experience. I have a career of working in the customer service business and I've learned more and achieved more in my time with Amazon than with any other organization.
Amazon provides a dynamic and agile work environment in a growing industry. Opportunities abound to move around within the company.
This is a company that is great to work for. They are constantly challenging you to perform and finding different ways to stay motivated. They treat every day as a new challenge.
Worked here for 9+ years. In my past 9 years, I worked on various large scale systems like building a cloud based call center solution, warehouse automation and optimization and even solving travelling salesman problem at logistics. If you are really into computer science and building system that scales, Amazon has a lot of opportunities
Very easy work to do
Amazon provides divers unique opportunities for personal and career growth, networking capabilities, travel, and learning & development.
Working in a climate controlled environment, casual dress code. Large break room with TVs and vending machines. Lots of open communication between management and regular employees daily
The pros at Amazon are that you will never find yourself bored and wondering what you could be doing. The work is always plentiful and provides challenges to work through.
I really enjoyed working at due to the fact that I enjoy working more then 8 hours, I liked my job and the employees, there are two shifts: morning and evening, so you can pick according to your flexibility!
Awesome place that is doing some incredible things. I love working here. Work hard have fun and make history is really what they ask of you.
Everyone is working on things that matter to customers. Amazon thinks about the long term; when things go wrong or are unsuccessful, we mine the experience for lessons to be learned and move forward. Amazon recognizes that failure is inevitable; it rewards individuals that learn quickly and iterate from failure.
Great team, great pay, great hours (always 40 or less), and nice to be around so many smart people.
Very results driven culture where you see see your impact
cohesiveness of the teams, good managers and strong work ethics of all Facilities Techs
The work hours is very cool
From my experience at other large tech companies, I'd say that Amazon stands out as being challenging. At other tech companies, you may have more vacation days. At other tech companies, you may have more perks. What you are unlikely to have at another tech company is a role which allows you to stretch yourself to the limits.
they truly care about their employees.
Work from home, benefits, PTO, Sick Time.
Amazon offers an opportunity to excel in an ever-changing, fast paced environment. Benefits including full medical, dental, vision as well as tuition assistance (95% paid upfront). My experience at Amazon has been noting short of fantastic. I have been able to excel and advance in one of the most competitive environments I have ever known.
Exciting place to work
Rewarding work environment that pushes you to learn and grow quickly.
Time off is abundant. 48 hours Paid time, 8 days Unpaid time, Vac 1st yr - 1 week, 2nd yr - 2wks
I worked at the Local fulfillment center in Tampa as a seasonal hire. You'll be working 5x11 shifts so be prepared for that. Use your sick days wisely. It must be said that all of the managers i met were very nice and understanding.
Great company, good technology exposure, good ownership model and usually the teammates are smart and nice and projects are impactful.
fast growing company with a lot of potential
I've been with Amazon for over 8 years, working as an Sr. Software Development Engineer currently on-track to a likely Principal Engineer promotion within a few years.
Great benefits, competitive pay, manage your own time off, earn rewards, overtime, clean bathrooms and cafeterias, college reimbursement, security, employee stock options, 4 day work shifts
I love the intensity, dedication, and energy we all had to put in to make sure every family got what they needed. It has been the most rewarding job I have ever had. It made me feel good when we got done with shipping out all of our orders and breaking records.
The Amazon environment is ever changing and you'll have a lot of opportunity to own many aspects of the business.
Good rotation program after mba school. Some group may be demanding but you have lots to learn and improve.
They hire smart, and they pay for hard work
opportunity ,insight, data, training, guidance
A is a Quick company; I could learn a lot; there are quite a lot charming products.
Most amazing and innovative company on the planet
Easy to work with schedule, Friendly Managers, Relatively Stress Free Work Load, Offer A Great Deal Of Perks To Employees During Thee Holiday Season.
learned a lot and nice work experience
Great benefits. Amazing attendance policy and lots of paid time off and vacation time available as soon as you start.
lost 50 lbs in 3 months
Even though it was work-at-home job, you will have a lot of time interacting with leadership team (meetings, chats, etc,.) It was fun experience.
People always have helpful advice for you. You will really learn a lot there.
Good work environment, great safety procedures, good pay and benefits
Working as a team being around people having fingering paid every week
Amazing people an great opportunities
Fair place, reasonable hours, chances for professional growth
Good team members to work with. I love the offices and we are working on great projects that will build up my CV. RSUs are great as well and make up for the bonus.
Very decent pay for young workers
Working for AWS has been the highlight of my career thus far. I've spent more than 4 years at the company - with a short break in the middle. So many learning opportunities in this company and opportunities to make a difference at all levels. Despite being a larger company there is plenty of chance to be impactful whether you're in the field, in engineering, or sales and marketing roles. The rate of change in the bus??Show More
Good place to work and learn alot.
great experience, good opportunities to grow with the company
I worked as both a stow and pick associate at an Amazon Fulfillment center for a combined total of about a year, six months in each position. Here are some generalized pros
Good pay, okay work, nice breakrooms
Money is the best part
Many growth opportunities, work life balance, many fun activities and other benefits for employees, great career growth.
It really depends on which team/management you are working with, and since Amazon is very big, some employees can have a very different experience than I have.
Good pay, great benefits, stock options, 401k
great place to work. good benefits.
4 day work week. Good pay and benefits. Energetic atmosphere. Ability to see and familiarize yourself with many many products
Benefits are really good to.
The pay is pretty decent
Cool coworkers and atmosphere and a lot of small things that make you smile
This is a work from home position. Fast paced and high volume call activity. There is ample opportunity for overtime.
I love the earning potential and the perks are amazing! Set schedule, tons of overtime, amazing benifits... 401k, medical, dental, vision, meds effective the day of orientation... tuition assistance after only 1 year of full time employment, Paid Time Off, Unpaid Time Off, and Vacation Time... cumultive from day one!
Good Pay, Good Benefits, Easy Work, Stock, Tuition Help, Book Reimbursement
Can help improve managerial experience
Good pay Paid every week Laid back environment
It is easy to more up in this company.
fast paced software development
Good working environment, Good company culture, Good salary and bonus...Overall, right choice to work here!
Fast paced -
This organization never sits still. We are always consistently trying to disrupt the status quo if not creating a whole new vertical. It's amazing to see how nimble an organization of this size can be. Finally, the people you work with are just amazing - extremely intelligent, hardworking and understand that boundaries only exist in the mind.
Amazon is the most fun and professional company I have worked for in over 20 years. The onsite district manager and area managers are extremely approachable, proactive, and professional. Everyone from the bottom up starts the shift with brief company updates, employee success stories, and group warm-up exercises in addition to other safety promoting tips. The pay is more than fair for a part-time position and the env??Show More
Your development expertise will grow immensely. You are surrounded by some of the smartest engineers in the world, so you learn a lot
I enjoyed working at Amazon, for a few reasons: Great culture. People are friendly. Good work hours. Compensation meets market value.
Will hire anyone and you can walk around all day
Flexible hours, good for job for a self starter.
Very positive experience- excellent management team and team building attitude
Very easy warehouse job. Amazon really emphasis safety of their employees. My direct leaders are easy to get along with and are not afraid to jump in and help when you're busy.
The company is innovative and fast paste. I am glad that I chose Amazon as my first full time job. Easy to move around the company and change roles.
Hours pay are pretty good
Demanding, Rewarding, Challenging are just a few of the positives derived from employment at Amazon.
Not too much to say
If you develop any intellectual property, at all, I'd advise working here, completely and wholeheartedly, because they seem to be so interested in it, they may do just about anything to \help\ you out with it.
Every department is easy and not hard to catch on to
Amazon is great company to work for as Control System Specialist.
Good people, monthly bonus, lots of people to talk to, overtime opportunities, chance for advancement, prizes for attendance
Committed customer centricity, bright people
You'll never learn as much anywhere else, or work as hard or as fast. The brand recognition makes you a target for headhunters.
Consistent hours, decent time off, immediate benefits for blue badges.
Great benefits. Safe work environment.
Working from home was an ease, pay was good, management was top notch.
Good pay, good people, good job.
great pay and drawings to earn stuff
You will get a lot to learn, fast paced environment, smart co-workers
Good company, work hard and play hard environment. Great CEO
You will not lose your job if you show up everyday
Its a fun, inobative enviroment
highly collaborated,
Opportunity to grow within the company
I just got a job with Amazon and am very excited to start. Great company with a big signing bonus!
Great place to work for extra money and good part time job
Great company to say you work of and it's a huge learning opportunity. Generally feel a sense of accomplishment as an owner of a team of people.Your peers will be extremely smart and motivated. The standards here are very high and you will be challenged every day. In this job I am never bored, the pace is very fast.You get to work with some of the smartest, most capable people, on the most interesting problems. Lots???Show More
Company was very involved with making the work environment a better place.
Good place to work, but long hours
Great benefits, solid pay, very casual atmosphere and fairly supportive local (DFW) staff.
Wonderful employees & great bonuses. If you go through integrity staffing which is a great hiring company! I personally loved the job & staff. Quit because I couldn't do third with my little one at home.
Great company that everyone should endeavor to work with. It's one big family that works toward the ultimate goal-the customer
Amazon growing company have opportunity to excel with great pay and benefits.
I love this job! It's very easy and the hiring process is simple and easy
- Learn a lot, haven't been bored yet.
Packing: If you love to just zone out and do your job it's perfect. All you do is stand in one spot looking at a monitor and boxes and items for 10 - 12 hours a day 4 - 6 days a week.
Extra money during Christmas time .Overtime if you need it
chance to get to know new work activites and people,lack of opportunity for promotion,no chance diversity
Great place to work. Very fast paced environment.
Good hours, nice pay and lots of people to meet. Great benefits and awesome staff.
great entry level job for pay and benefits. Learning dept does a good job teaching and coaching
Good pay, good benefits. You get to work with some of the smartest, most capable people, on the most interesting problems. There are almost unlimited opportunities within the company.
Compensation is great. Learning on and designing ginormous micro-service based architectures. It's a great chance to learn how to design huge, scalable, fault-tolerant systems.
Seattle downtown
NA
NA
NA
