* It *is* becoming larger, and with it comes growing pains: bureaucracy, slow to respond to market threats, bloated teams, cross-divisional tension (though nothing remotely approaching that of Microsoft's internal tension). 
1) Work/life balance. What balance? All those perks and benefits are an illusion. They keep you at work and they help you to be more productive. I've never met anybody at Google who actually time off on weekends or on vacations. You may not hear management say, \You have to work on weekends/vacations\ but, they set the culture by doing so - and it inevitably trickles down. I don't know if Google inadvertently hires t\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
I live in SF so the commute can take between 1.5 hours to 1.75 hours each way on the shuttle - sometimes 2 hours each way on a busy day or rainy day. That means being on the bus for 3-4 hours PER DAY. It's a wired bus though which means you can work on the way to Mountain View. But it can feel brutal. 
- Google is a big company. So there are going to be winners and losers when it comes to career growth. Due to the high hiring bar, most people who don't win are smart people as well and their experience sours. This place is optimized to avoid false positives in every step and false negatives are inevitable. At least when you get promoted, you can feel good that you have truly done something. 
not family-friendly now that I have kids - I don't wan to spend time playing ping pong and taking advantage of free fun events. I want to get home with my kids. 
Can be cloistered, ivory tower 
Very big company. Hard to be visible and remember people that you have worked with. 
Traffic into work can be discouraging. 
Imposter syndrome. For me, long commute. Twenty percent time is hard to make time for. The delicious food will make you fat. 
Extremely competitive; take home pay is not as high as non-Googlers assume it is; many poorly socialized individuals around. 
The projects are fast paced so be prepared. We work nonstop although it's not always a serious environment. During breaks we tend to avoid talking about work because we are always so busy with it. 
Tons of bureaucracy. Promotions are made unnecessarily difficult. 
The company is becoming bigger and bigger each year, which brings on its own problems. 
Not too many career advance opportunities. 
the worst thing in the area is traffic 
Can't think of any at the moment 
This is not a place to coast - come ready to make a difference. 
Becoming more conventional as size grows with a limited scope of what one can do. 
- Size of the company is huge, so don't expect startup culture. 
Due to the size of the company, different divisions of Google have different cultures. It can be hard for job applicants to know which divisions they want to work in. 
Good company ever...i recomment to any one who is currently looking for there good job. 
It can be a little intimidating when everyone is at the top of their game. When everyone's a high performer it's very hard to stand out. 
The bureaucracy and big company feel is starting to creep in. Despite a \Bureaucracy Busters\ campaign, there are days I feel like I am attaching a cover sheet to my TPS report. 
The company is too big to get anything done reasonably easy. 
Main offices are in expensive areas. Oncall rotations interfere with work-life balance. 
To many managers. To many meetings. Favoritism place a huge role with management. 
Google is a huge company. Sometimes feels like you get lost in what you're doing. Great company but definitely feels big. 
Workload can be daunting at times, FTE's and TVC's are viewed VERY differently in the culture. 
Work during weekends,nothing particular. 
- Mature products move slow due to size and complexity 
Flat structure means career movement can be difficult 
Career growth depends heavily on team and manager. 
My teammates are not great at English, and sometimes results in miscommunication. It's a team-specific problem though, my other Googler friends don't have this problem. 
Lots of management overhead, does move slowly, especially on the engineering side, which means you sometimes have to sit on your hands. Also there's a decent amount of back and forth from middle management on direction. 
Work life Balance 
It is too boring to work there. 
A common problem with large companies: it is a lot competition to climb up the latter from an ordinary engineer. 
- Given large size of company, often easy to get lost among thousands of other employees. 
It has become a big company. It's leaner and less bureaucratic than most big companies, but it's still a big company. 
Nothing specific, haven't had any issues working here. 
Company is very very big 
Politics are starting to get in the way of engineering. Since launches are incentivized so heavily in promo process, negative dogfood feedback is often ignored on the way to launch, with few or no consequences. 
Very biased towards whatever engineering wants, creating unfair conditions for everyone else. 
Associate directors, directors, and senior directors are engaged in political battles. Promotions are very political 
hours can be long sometimes 
Not in San Francisco, traffic getting worse, sometimes too focused internally 
Not a small company. It's slow to deploy product changes and as a product person you'll spend way more time building consensus and getting approval for launching something than actually building the product. 
The company is a lot bigger than it used to be, and though it's done better than most, it can't help slowing down as it grows. Some of the reasons I came to work at Google when it was 1000 employees are no longer true. 
Most jobs are in MTV where cost of living is extremely high even when making almost $100K 
long hours but I think everything makes up for it 
nice salary and internal work environment 
Some Googlers are incredibly entitled and complain about mundane issues. It's less nimble than it used to be. Certain organizations (People Operations) are bureaucratic and very top-down in leadership style, which is antithetical to the way Google portrays itself. 
It is too comfortable. You must get out of comfort zones. It might be a great company to work. But remember every big company in the past such as Microsoft was like that. 
Difficult Work but worth the challenge 
Some people take advantage of it too much 
Work was hard but fair. Sometimes the work felt like it never ended. 
Will burn you out. Gives whatever you are willing to sacrifice. 
little impact, small rolls, politics, people just waiting for retirement there 
Google is far from being a startup and it slowly becomes more and more corporate. Selecting a team and evaluating its culture before joining becomes more important to make sure your expectations match your team's. 
1. Limited impact. 
I can't think of any yet, other than all the cons that go with working for a Big Corporate Machine. 
Since it is already a huge company. So probably some of the projects at google are not as challenging as before. If you want to solve challenging problem, then it's not the perfect place. 
can not think of any 
The office politics are harsh. 
Lack of opportunity for senior talent (staff and above) to really make a dent in the organization. This, coupled with the very slow promo process (1.5 years / level) and Google's tendency to downlevel on hire can be very frustrating. To some extent, I felt like I had to simply wait for leadership to retire or play the political game to get much further in my career. 
Ambiguous environment, not easy to navigate for a lot of ppl 
Big big big - lots of politics/ nothing moves. Leadership skills of leaders on average is low since tech acumen valued by leadership is not. 
A little scattered at times. This was part of the fun. 
Communication between team members out side of the weekly team meeting had no consistency.Team is separated into focus areas specialized for each member and the overall team which can have constraints for those who are not self thought or self starters. Team may feel distant at times if it's divided by offices. Expect to hit the workload at light speed while making sure you are ALWAYS on top of everything so that it'\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
The company is getting so big that standards can be different from org to org causing confusion for employees 
Lots of bureaucracy, which is normal and expected for such a large company 
Unless you are level 5+ your opinion is meaningless 
Your experience varies so much based on your team and who your manager is. More training needed for people to actually manage and get the most out of people. Great perks don't make up for the other parts. 
- Work with very talented/ambitious people who will not tolerate shoddy work 
basically none, it was great 
The workload was quite heavy and sometime I had to work late nights. 
Workload can be daunting at times when you want to just sit back and relax. Not really that place unless you are super smart. 
Politics - too much focus on titles and ranks sucking up to other people 
As the company grew bigger, politics started trickling in. 
getting larger, more bureaucratic 
This depends on the person. 
Bureaucracy 
poor training, some lack of direction and understanding 
projects can easily be shut down 
difficult to transition full-time for most 
Is perfect it doesn't have any negative 
Nothing really major from my opinion. 
No, everything works perfectly. Its very hard to say cons. 
Totally nothing is bad about the GooG! 
Can get a bit competitive at times (in a good way). 
Dont want to leave some days 
Advancement is a bit hit and miss. You can get stuck on a dead-end project (and there are surprisingly many of those at Google). 
The size of the company shows. You have to work at group speed, mostly think and work the group way. Slow growth curve. 
Lots of competition and hard to move up 
Working with too many talented and creative people can result in clashing of the minds 
I dont have any thing to say bad about the company 
no major cons to mention 
high tax, high expense to live 
too big to do something 
Company becoming big....lots of team to interact and work with. Work life balance compromised if not paid attention to. 
Company becoming big....lots of team to interact and work with. Work life balance compromised if not paid attention to. 
senior leadership, career opportunities for senior levels, performance management 
Can get hectic at times 
In general: a lot of people are slacking at the moment. They don't really care about what they're doing. Company lacks proper processes, accountability, and avoids conflict to the point that it languishes dangerously. 
Lots of inertia, due to size. Bureaucratic and political. 
There are lots of different internal systems which you can build things upon. But the learning curve is steep - take a long time to ramp up. 
big organization and it's hard to get noticed 
The program was very unstructured. A lot of us were confused what were could and couldn't do after \orientation.\ If you ask me, a lot of the events hosted by ambassadors representing the company were poorly run/planned which in turn made the company look bad (some ambassadors did a better job than others) 
there is really no downside to Google. As an employee, I have access to resources and great training and coaching. Please hire my friends as well. 
Over the years, Google has become more bureaucratic. Unfortunately, several groups are working in the same area and the usual turf battles happen. Also, it has become harder to change projects than before. 
The large size of the company has produced bureaucracy and several layers of teams/departments/orgs that can slow down decision making and progress. 
Starts to become a little bit too big and is more like a big corporation now.. 
Getting way to big. Levels are everything to everyone. Lower pay than other startups. Inequity of treatment between the sales side and the engineering side of the businesses. 
Large, corporate, and difficult to rise up after a certain point in your career 
Google is still a big and established company. There will still be a corporate hierarchy that will take months or years to change compared to quick feedback within a startup. 
Meal, policy. and so on 
They will lie to recruit you, and promise training, ops roations, and learning opportunities that never happen. 
The commute is tough from SF 
It *is* a big company. Things don't turn on a dime; there is a lot of process. And it is *very* engineering directed. 
The traffic can get really nasty and the housing prices are just unbelievably high, but the whole bay area has such problems and has nothing to do with the company 
The traffic can get really nasty and the housing prices are just unbelievably high, but the whole bay area has such problems and has nothing to do with the company 
Fix computer and having better service 
Too big, hard to make a real impact 
no feedback to give. super good workplace 
Not a single con working here. 
cant say anything of that kind 
cons are that there are absolutely no cons but google is life and without it we wouldnt be alive today so thank you google and everything you do. you are life. 
- Bureaucracy, politics, legal issues, and privacy handling take up more and more time over the years and slow innovation and development. 
Everything is good, infrastructure is the best. 
getting very large in size 
Work-life balance can be difficult, not necessarily due to management asking you to work off-hours, but because sometimes it's hard to disconnect. 
felt like a little cog in the machine 
Sometimes people can get overly competitive. While it's good to have many young people in the company, some are arrogant and entitled. Depending on the group, some could have fratty culture. 
+ Finance team full of mediocre people especially at the top- these are people who joined Google when finance@Google was not a great option and then these people just rode the wave. 
Way too much middle management and hierarchy, mostly incompetent lower level management (it's a quick way to get promoted when you're out of steam technically you start going to a bunch of meetings and become a TLM), little to no opportunity for advancement as individual contributor, super-competitive atmosphere, very little recognition is general, since your \very best\ is \meh\ there. Some people get promoted to ve\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
san francisco is very expensive, although I was making a lot of money I ended up spending all of it. Hard to find right place to live 
can be stressful at times 
Free food but not great. Perks are not easy to understand. 
It is hard to advance up the mangement chain because people here are so smart. Might be better fit to work at a smaller company 
Very crowded campuses, easy to feel lost in a sea of employees. Free food, but nowhere to sit down and eat it. Not always easy to spend time on \20 percent time\ projects as advertised. Lots of internal bureaucracy, surveys, and distractions of optional employee-oriented programs. Self-promotion is encouraged, so prepare to toot your own horn and compete for recognition of your project if you want to get promoted 
food is not good. tasty is not good too. 
Because there are so many smart people, the company can hire overqualified people for a given position, which can ultimately adversely impact job satisfaction 
1. There is not so much work to do. 
There are enough talented people that being talented won't guarantee you an inside track on good projects, because there are thousands of equally smart people ahead in the queue and equally underutilized, but there are just enough bozos that you have to prove that you're not one of them 
Sales / business side is becoming political, zero sum game and bureaucratic. 
Bureaucracy, challenges to promotion, competitive. 
Huge scale can be overwhelming 
I can not think of any 
Mountain View-centric attitude leads to extreme commute times. This is the largest negative about working here, and I probably would have left by now if I wasn't able to work from home or the SF office most of the week. I'm sure if you live in boring suburbia it'd be fine, but I don't want to do that. 
Company is getting too big to maintain well-known culture standards 
no cons as it is good company 
Bureaucracy at times like any other companies. Consensus driven culture. Senior management is sometimes managing up rather than down, which can be frustrating 
Too much Work! 
None that i can think of. 
so large scale (hopefully more addressable with the new restructuring) that similar projects spawn at different offices that couldve been better generalized and collaborated on if there had been a better platform for discovering ongoing or pitched projects. Had a very positive experience with my first internship, but my second felt more overbearing and too broad to be polished on delivery by the end of my internship.\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
-There is not a lot of opportunity in the Cambridge office to advance for non-engineering positions 
For most I think the small impact you can make, because there is so much talent there and roles can be narrowly defined. 
I guess I didn't drink the Kool-Aid. Google has been a major success story in building the web into what it is today. However, most of the management and employees have fallen in love with their own intelligence. This is very bad news for the future growth of the company. Additionally, Google is very risk adverse no matter that they have a \moonshot\ factory. They don't stick to their goals when there are set backs. 
Things change so quickly that it can be difficult to figure out the right way to get something done. Tools get deprecated so quickly that it's a constant race to make sure valuable tools continue to get updated and work. Growing fast so office space is really becoming an issue. 
* Its a big company, a little bureaucracy is creeping in. 
With the company being so large, sometimes it's difficult to get significant recognition of novel work. 
There are no cons with Google. This is the best company in the world. 
Salary compensation was unsatisfying and inadequate for the high quality professional performances provided. 
Getting bigger with more hierarchy. 
you cannot make intelligent decisions 
Too many people, too many visitors 
I don't really see any cons of working at google. I decided to leave because I wanted to be closer to my family 
Harder to transfer between roles 
Work long hours, no work-life balance 
...who spend a lot of time being code janitors. 
Too many great people. Too many debates on the scope of the product. 
Constant change (depends on how you look at it, I see it as a positive) 
small fish in a big sea. 
getting very large and a bit bureaucratic, certain parts of the company can be political; less opportunities for people at the director level and up. Certain parts of the business - like Android and Play - have little work / life balance. Little appreciation of marketing in certain businesses that are entrenched monopolies. 
Can be hard to feel like you're making an impact or get recognition in such a large company, especially a remote office. 
Expected to work at maintain quick pace, even for sales. The pace makes it difficult to enjoy all of the pros listed above. 
Bad middle management, political, slow moving 
As the company grows, it takes longer to make decisions and get things done. 
1. Promotion is hard. It depends on not only your performance, but also how your team's status, and some relatively random decision. 
Overall great experience, haven't found any. 
Overall great experience, haven't found any. 
-Navigating career changes internally can be challenging. Just because you're at the company doesn't mean the process is necessarily easier for changing roles 
It spoils you. If you ever leave, it would be very hard to work somewhere else. 
Working hard can include long hours, weekends, accommodating global timezones and other difficulties. This is not a 9-5 company. Moving up can be incredibly slow. 
Work and life balance, no time off, the future of the company is all based on moonshots. The core products are doing well, but could have the stool pulled from under them at any moment. 
Diversity of employee not close to home or lack of individual recognition. 
No cons that I can think of 
They dont really give you that much spending money during the school year for your marketing events. Communication is very poor during the school year as well. 
This company is going the big wigs way. The 20% time to work on own projects is over blown and you really dont get this much time. 
-Contract workers do not get PTO, sick leave, or any trips/perks as Google employees 
It's be come too big and too bureaucratic. Too many rules and red tape to go through to get anything done, even when trying to change roles or projects. HR is too diplomatic, not really interested in helping employees, they're more concern about preventing Google from being sued. Google's annual survey is there, but haven't seen anything come of it. Work life balance isn't balanced anymore. It's more work, less of a\302\240\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
The funs are distracting a little bit. 
Some of the people are rude and don't listen to you so just make sure to select the right teammates in your groups. 
(1) Too many smart people, too much conflict. There is saying in Google, \Welcome to Google, where impossible stuff is easy, and easy stuff is impossible\ 
Internal politics sometimes prevents you from growth 
Company has grown to be large 
Some real politics are going on these days. You will find the global business organization (their sales division) is more risk averse and people can be back-stabbing in your own team to get political gain. The performance review process is very flawed. They don't tell you what goes into it and therefore you may or may not get promoted and don't know why. Play the politics game and that will help you win. Make up infl\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
There is a lot of flux at the company (re-orgs on a regular basis), which makes it hard to keep your feet under you. Working at Google and excelling means either being really flexible and quick, or being inflexible and driving forward with your projects no matter the environment. 
Expensive area to live in 
Incredibly competitive environment translates into always having to 'watch your back.' Based on my experience, I would say the Engineer culture is very different from the Sales/Business culture. The Sales/Business culture can be stodgy, dry, and incredibly 'corporate.' Training can be very difficult to find at times, which ultimately slows down ramp-up time. 
It's a large company, and like any big company, there can be bureaucracy. Commuting to Mountain View can be a bit of a drag. 
The sheer size of the company can be a bit aggravating sometimes. Along with the entitlement. Work-life was not particularly good at times. 
Competitive, because everyone you work with is also very talented. 
Horrible place to work and management is completely removed from employees. I would not recommend working here. 
The \brilliant people creating innovative things\ represents the engineering culture more than anything. In People ops, theres Google is full of corporate politics, as well as a changing culture. Google recruiting is now full of people who push buttons. People that have been then longer than 5 years still struggle to get a promotion or move into a new role. They shuffle the same leaders to different roles, making no\302\240\342\200\246\302\240Show More
complicated organization with frequent reorganizations 
You're a small fish in a big pond. Easy for some people to coast and get lost in the crowd. The work you are doing likely has very little impact on the overall company. 
WLB in a lot of marketing teams is a myth 
Poor work-life balance at work 
Nothing is bad about google 
More and more problems when growing into a big company. 
Too much delicious food, not enough time to eat it all. :) 
It 's becoming larger, and with it comes growing pains 
Its gotten too big. Politics and bureacracy have become significant problems. 
Google is continuing to grow and as we do, it is increasingly bureaucratic... the quality of senior leaders is now uneven, and there is a level of uncertainty about the company's direction from senior executives. 
Constant restructuring, always had to \prove\ self to new management, difficult review cycle (which improved slightly shortly after I left) 
So many talented people around you that it is very hard to single out. 
If you want to be part of a small company where you can know everyone individually, Google is not the place for you. 
There was always lots of work to be done and had to work long hours. Must be very committed to the job. 
Long commute and turning into a very large organizaiton 
Google's hiring process is a bear, which made it very difficult as a recruiter. Making meaningful and non-trivial suggestions often fell on deaf ears. 
It was hard to balance my duties at work with time away from work in my personal life. I was constantly on and needed to put out fires 
Google has grown big and its hard to find your place. 
Big Getting Slower Policy Parking 
Lots of change constantly occuring 
Not a single thing I can think of 
Too many middle managers with lack of focus, start projects and then quickly abandon them, open discrimination of women, disabled and minorities. 
It may be some boring in Google recent years. 
nothing bad to say about the company 
The open office layout is noisy and distracting - it's possible to cope, but I really wish we had separate cubes or offices. 
[231] NA 
There are no other better companies in the world 
It's a huge company. That means you won't always feel special like I have working at smaller startups. That also means that it's hard to generalize about the company. Life can be very different for you depending on your team and role. 
Management is hit and miss, there are lots of organizational restructures in the sales/marketing teams and it can feel chaotic, many of the pain points you'd expect working for a big corporation 
intern work may not be valuable to the company. fortunately mine was production 
Did not allow sleeping on the job 
Work culture, salary, benefits, trainings and poor communication. 
sometimes over time working. Normal salary 
It is easy to get lost and overwhelmed if you do not have a clear role and desire to continuously grow. If you get complacent or if you do not pay attention to surrounding teams, you probably will not be there long. 
no longer a flat structure, sometimes too hierarchical, HR too involved 
Google's hiring process is a bear, which made it very difficult as a recruiter. Making meaningful and non-trivial suggestions often fell on deaf ears. 
It can be daunting to start since you have to get used to all the tools (there are a lot of tools, especially Google specific tools). 
Depending on the department, bureaucracy can quite a problem. There were obvious ways to make things better, but the top leaders were either uninvolved and focused on other 'sexier' projects, or were never given the honest/critical information. Inefficiencies weren't fixed because teams and departments were built around how things worked (not optimally). This led to management pushing and trying to exceed targets in\302\240\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
I cannot think of any. 
It's still a business, there are still offices... you'll never escape some aspects of a typical job 
Google is a blatantly liberal company. 
the management was pretty bad, they didn't really listen to engineers and in particular treated engineering as if they were children 
Sales team is big and bureaucratic, not startup-like at all. Hard to get out of sales onto other teams. Very few opportunities in Boston due to it being a remote office. 
Bad career path. Most people stop at T5. To reach T6, you have to fight for leadership and ownership. 
No Life - Work Balance, Not a Organizational Structure. Process is missing 
I never had problems there, salary was good not exceptional 
very competitive and high stress 
great workers and great food 
None at all. Can get difficult at times with middle management 
I can not think of anything 
Management quality depends on your department/product 
Long hours (55+) as an unpaid intern. 
some times too much politics 
Hires ex-consultants for operational leadership roles who continue to be consultants than operational leaders (with some exceptions). Not open to leveraging industry best practices and a lot of re-inventions happen for processes that can easily be leveraged from the market. This might be frustrating for folks with significant industry experience. 
no no cons, nothing negative 
None the atmosphere is great wonderful work condition and great salery so working at Google is fantastic and very nice co workers 
Company is becoming bigger so there is lot of competition for projects and promotions. 
Promotions are based on politics. For management & HR: Many TLMs pick favorites and reduce opportunities for others by restricting project allocations. Encourage 6-month transfers to help employees find better and cohesive teams where they will happily remain and let others move. It'll also let bad teams / TLs get smaller and atrophy which is good for Google overall. 
The shuttle schedules were sometimes hard to work around 
not enough work, not worth it 
nothing really except you don't get to choose which state you'd like to be placed in when you're entry level but a great company either way 
Frustrating management at times, hard to feel meanginful with so many people, tiring work sometimes. 
No room to become full time none contract.. Pay is on the low end. 
big company, need to learn skills to deal with it. 
Hard to go up as a contractor 
As it gets larger, it gets slower, more dysfunctional, less efficient. 
Hiring can be a mess and take forever. There's a lot of either deprecated technology in the stack or tech that is not ready to use. 
Still have politics. The company is large, so some things don't get done as quickly. Some overachievers are trying very hard to shine. If you are aggressive and try to climb the corporate ladder than the competition can be tough. 
Limited career opportunities given size of company. 
last minute unplanned meetings can be a bit frustrating. 
Becoming a large corporation with the usual challenges 
A need to improve muy english level , but i have the necessary level to work. 
none everything was exeptional i had a great time 
Work-life balance could be better. Certain projects seem understaffed. Lots of bureaucracy, which can be frustrating to some people. Not too many cons overall 
All the frustrations of working in a large, flat organization: especially if you're trying to get anything done cross-functionally, takes awhile to figure out how \the world works\ and deal with navigating the organizational structure. Where I was in the organization, pace and rapid change of projects could be challenging at times. 
Company is becoming bigger so there is lot of competition for projects and promotions. 
Big company, outside of your immediate team/department there isn't a strong sense of local community. It's hard to see impact importance of your work if you're in a large organization. 
1. Not too high salary 
There was a growing number of employees that were simply \resting and vesting\ so it became discouraging for those of us who wanted to make an impact. Felt like it was becoming more about MBAs who know nothing about marketing taking over and ideas were becoming less and less creative. People were less willing to take a risk. 
Long hours 
It is hard to get noticed. The imposter syndrome is strong. Promotions require extraordinary work. It really pastas to be self motivating, and self promoting. You need to get decent per reviews from your co workers 
it was a lot of hard work, but thats expected 
much brain wash, and more 
Working for such a large company means it takes longer to get anything done. As an iOS developer, Google does iOS development very differently from other companies. Traffic is a pain getting in and out of campus. 
Job can be repetitive and boring. Nothing new to learn. 
annoying people hipsterish always wants to talk 
Do not have many opportunities to do something unique 
Occasional long hours, high achieving culture with fast operations. On the sales/marketing side of the house, it's expected to be constantly connected to, and to have very fast TATs for asks, both client and internal. 
Middle managment at sales psitions tends to be mediocre. 
No direction, guidance or training. It was literally sink or swim. The content of what we were working on was not interesting or challenging and when tried to shift to other projects, we were told that we could only do this one thing. Usually a good manager will help their employees find a project where they can build their strengths. I think they didn't really care if we left, but thought, \hey we can always hire mo\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
Easy to coast, part of a large organism, can become institutionalized 
slow moving bureaucracy does not always react to change 
Long time for a hiring decision for MBA full-time and intern roles. 
No downsides to me thinking of work for this company. 
core values don't always trickle down due to pockets of bad middle management. 
The company is becoming slower. 
Opportunity for vertical movement is scarce. Hiring practices have led to hiring candidates based on who has the best resume, rather than who is the best person for the job. Culture of ladder climbing slows down productivity and leads to a lot of people being stepped on. 
Terrible place to commute to if you want to live in San Francisco 
Need better communication between engineering and other departments/teams 
I would say that the only thing I can say would be a Con working for Google would be if you didn't work for them anymore. 
pressure from managers, strict deadlines, no life for social 
Nothing was really wrong. It was great. 
Google is now a large company so there's a fair amount of bureaucracy and processes in place which can slow things down. Promotions are harder to come by but this is natural for any company of this size. Google is heavily email-centric and so you better be ready for 200+ emails a day and sometimes an implicit expectation to be on email during off-hours. 
hours varied, upper management can be tricky 
Mountain View centric. If you are remote, then your opinion is much less important. Some of the departments are very hierarchical. 
- Commute: 1.5 hours is alleviated by riding on the shuttle, but it is still 1.5 hrs. 
I think there are no cons here, unless I lied. And I don't wanna do that 
1) Inexperienced and bloated middle management. 2) The white badge vs red badge situation creates conflict within departments. In this employment model, an employee sits next to a contractor, both do the exact same work but the employee gets paid 2x as much and has a full benefits packages. 
Some internal group (eg. corp-eng) has management that's not on par with the rest of the company. 
I don't really have any cons! Maybe the only con was that the food is too good and too plentiful so I gained about 7 lbs during my internship :( 
very exhausted, less benefits ... etc 
I enjoyed my work but didn't feel like what I was doing was terribly important. I was also working on one of Google's smaller campuses, and there was no intern community there. 
A lot of tedious work and some off the people are not so great 
I struggled with finding ways to progress my career and change verticals. 
Sometimes too big and complicated to navigate, very inwardly focused 
Like any organization, there are internal politics that need to be navigated. Some play this well, some don't. Making sure you align yourself on the right person's good side can be tricky. 
Google is now a bloated, political organization. Unless you are a software engineer you will learn more elsewhere, and have greater upside at a Facebook or a start-up. HQs are in MTV, outside of there your career stagnates. 
You are not always part of those projects and initiatives. 
It is become bigger and layered. Most of the time you don't know which part you are working on within the huge system. 
no option to work from remote office 
- Getting big 
- Work-life balance can vary significantly depending on what team you work on. Processes can be overly bureaucratic at times. The promotions process can be pretty opaque. 
politics, process now means that the company moves more slowly that before 
No need to change a thing, and stay the same. 
So many politics, promotions based on popularity not aptitude. 
Not many experienced hardware engineers from the industry 
there were no cons ! great job! 
- poor middle management in sales 
Google is very, very big. Because the size of the company is so vast it can sometimes be very difficult to get things done. 
Internal code base is huge, it takes long time to get familiar with it. Promotion system is a bit flaky and is not refocused on impact rather than quality 
The company would like you to drink the Kool-Aid. I did in the beginning, and became disappointed by a lot of things. Now I look at Google as a big company that is doing it's best, and I do my best. I'm much happier now. 
The organization is very flat with lots of Type A personalities meaning that its pretty cut throat to move up. 
There are not that many women working at Google or in leadership positions there. This negatively affects the team dynamics, for both men and women. Women reading this - apply! Aim high! You can do it! 
Lack of people development 
None. Google was an amazing place to work! 
Takes a while to get things done because of the size of the company you need to make sure noone else is working on what you're working on, and even if they are you can still do it anyway if you think you're better at politics. 
Lots of competition for positions and slow up-ward mobility 
Many teams with uninteresting projects. 
A lot of the cons below are projections of my experience at Google. Do a TON of research on the role you'll be applying for. Find people on LinkedIn. Scour reddit. Learn as much as you possibly can about what you'll be doing to try and prepare for what's to come. 
Google is obviously a large company so sometimes it's difficult to feel your individual work is making a difference in the larger scope. 
Nothing 
Limited upward mobility in remote offices. 
Horrible systems 
Felt I was always competing. 
Gained 20lbs. 
Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing 
Pay sucks and management is not very good with people. 
Flat organization - leads to very autonomous environment. 
Public transportation is not very convenient 
Commuting to Mt View on the bus 
Extensive hiring process and long hours of work 
Can be very stressful at first and work/life balance can be difficult (depending on the team). 
potential long hours depending on your time management, also requires lots of friendliness and networking which is great unless you're an introvert 
No Opportunity to grow. 
Stress of the job can be high, especially if there is management turnover and frequent changes in priorities. Feeling like I have to compete with team mates. 
Busy busy busy very busy 
Hard to get things done sometimes 
I saw a lot of hierarchical nonsense/ the promotion process seems to be very draining 
Workaholics, intense competition, constant game of thrones! Contractors are sort of a sub-class, make less money, have limited access to meetings, projects and facilities (for the same position). 
One is expected to deliver the best 
Can be bureaucratic at times due to the large size. 
Senior leadership basically full with old timers. One-size fits all process and lack of transparency for benefits, promotions, and salary can be frustrating. Cultures vary widely from team to team in terms of diversity/bias, expected work hours, or positive energy. 
- everyone is so smart, it's hard to stand out 
After recent restructuring it will be difficult for people in the Alphabet companies to move about between projects, which will limit future opportunities. The interview process makes it difficult for good people to come in, outside of being acquired. 
upper management doesn't take middle management seriously. 
Should work hard 
Too much work to do in a time 
Over qualified people could lead to lack of motivation at times 
Not easy to rise up. 
None that I can think of. 
Non-traditional sales roles that only use the complex AdWords platform 
You can end up feeling like an extremely minuscule part of the company, because the company is so large. I was definitely lucky and got a team that was top-notch and extremely welcoming to interns, but others might not be so fortunate. While my team dynamic was great, some other interns had less ideal experiences. Being at this internship can definitely spoil you for other places. 
the pros are that it's not microsoft 
hard to show yourself among others to develop your career path 
Employees are almost exclusively from top tier universities and privileged backgrounds. Relative lack of intellectual and cultural diversity. 
Hard to get things done sometimes 
Can get lost in the organization if you're not careful, some products seem to lack focus. 
The commute to Mountain View from San Francisco is horrific. Even if you work with people on the campus you may never see them due to sprawl and traffic. 
It does get boring sometimes doing the same thing over and over again and it takes a long time to get things done. 
I think they need more programmers to make every part of Google useful 
dangerous, zero growth, time away from home, no benefits 
There are many overqualified and hardworking people here. Just hard work alone will not get you anywhere. You need to source for good projects, work hard and smart in order to have decent career advancement. 
Since it is such a big company you can also get lost very easily. There are lots of custom proprietary tools that some people at Google only know how to use. And obviously that knowledge would be useless outside of Google. Understanding the interluding concepts is on the other hand useful. 
I don't really have cons. 
The hands on model requires lots of work and is challenging to scale. Keeping all the students engaged and growing is a big responsiblity and requires constant vigilance. 
hard for a returning full time offer 
Increasingly red tape gets in the way, and difficult to advance or change roles. 
If you want a fast-paced job, you need to work to find a team that works like that 
Duplicative efforts / often reinventing the wheel. 
It's a big company, so you have to work harder to find opportunities to build new things. The nice thing is, the new things you build are built on top of the work of tons of brilliant people, so whatever you end up making will be very specialized and probably pretty awesome. 
large company, commute, spoiled me 
Keeps getting bigger, and adopting thing that big companies use - like stricter budgets 
Too far from the city, nothing to do in MTV. Hard to do extra projects as a contractor. 
Very little structure with a lot of moving parts. 
it has a lot of people working on a lot of projects so it's hard to make a decision 
Incredibly diverse company hires and acquires way too many mediocre people, bad managers prevail. 
hours varied, upper management can be tricky 
You usually work on technically fairly small things because it's a giant company with a lot of resources. 
Work could be stressful in some groups. I sometimes heard coworkers in some other groups talking about working overtime to get assignment done. 
Not really any cons about working here 
Nothing really. You need to compete very hard as everyone seems to be brilliant!! 
the privacy agreements. engineering sector is dominated by asians who tend to ignore people outside their race. 
Pretty competitive, lack of opportunities for full-time as a contractor 
the politics, the pressure, the stress, the backstabbing, cutthroat colleagues, the lack of transparency, constant reorgs, lack of job security, the disposability of employees, lies from management. Human Resources team is a ship of fools. 
None that I can think off. Well, maybe a long commute from the city. 
Has gained a bit of bureaucracy around actually shipping software, but not too bad, and most of it is intended to prevent wild, west coding. 
too much work, lot of pressure 
Salary is fair. Work is not challenging enough. Experiences vary in different teams. Some teams are good while some teams are not. 
too many people, imposter-syndrome inducing, no symmetry is prohect complexity among interns on different teams, it's Google! 
HUGE bureaucracy, with a company this big there is specialized roles and process for everything. Definitely not an \intimate\ community and can take forever to get approvals for what seems the smallest thing. 
Management can sometimes get in the way of you doing things. 
Peer review makes you think why others are smiling at you all the time. 
No cons come to mind 
It is highly competitive, with many very smart engineers. 
some projects are more advanced than i'd like. however, i still love the expereience at google 
Too large company, and you have to learn quickly 
Your experience may vary depending on team, manager etc. 
There are a lot of people working at Google, so the quality of your colleagues really varies. 
Competition is fierce among peers. Middle-management is hit-or-miss. The pace is grueling and relentless. 
Turned into a big company 
Some of the work can be rather mundane, it is an advertising company at the core 
No cons come to mind 
Hard to move inside the org, very political and given its huge size it is much harder to grow in this company than elsewhere. Salaries might be amazing or terrible, and it all depends on the country, its taxes and your level in the company unfortunately, not the job. 
Constant travel, devices shut down sometimes 
work life balance is not good 
Everyone is so busy that it is hard to connect or make friends at work 
Given the size, it's challenging to move up in role and sometimes hard to feel your direct impact on the business. 
very good company to join 
You do not get your own office. When you work it is mostly an open floor plan. 
There are no major complaints. 
tedious work, do the dame work everyday. Do not feel important in this company, the company runs the same way, with or without me. 
As a contractor, there is a pretty clear hierarchical thing working there. Some conferences and info are limited, and no freedom to do what you want. 
More diversity would be nice 
Big company. Political. A lot of red tape 
Little autonomy to get stuff done, difficult to get promotion, Henry Ford model of repetition being deployed all over 
I haven't yet seen any so far, especially in my roles. 
The work can be somewhat monotonous and transactional depending on your specialization 
All the workplace benefits are needed when you spend 10+ hours a day at the office frequently 
Long travel, long hours, everything you would expect 
Too crowded in the MTV headquarters 
intern program could be better organzied for the SMB teams 
-it's already big so it's difficult to contribute a large amount as a lower level person 
Contractors do feel not as welcomed 
The place smell like mold, the pay isn't enough, they tell you that your full-time and only put you on the schedule 1 or 2 days a week. The management sucks and their very unorganized. 
Could become a little bit political around promotion as most big companies. Job mobility can be attained around Mountainview but would be harder in other regions. 
has become very political/career growth is much slower/comp is not great 
sometimes people come to google and think they're better than everyone else and that's not the spirit of google. sometimes people get self entitled and it stinks 
I second the person who said Google protects bad managers. It seems like the more talented people leave and the less talented people get promoted (it's more about politics than talent). 
Large company, inherent bureaucracy, takes a lot of effort for changes to happen quickly. 
Conducting a lot of events on campus 
Managers Should give more feedback to temps. 
Changing the way things are done takes hard work and lots of time. Burnout is common but not a sign of weakness. 
Slow growth in terms of promotions. 
Was not working on a project I particularly liked, and I saw that it can be difficult to move around in the company 
Working in Mountain View. Living nearby is undesirable, but living someplace desirable means a 90+ minute commute. 
There wasnt really any cons that I can talk about It was overall a great experience and im glad I got to be apart of it. 
Not enough pay, but I could get better at marketing. 
For this job I don't think there are any cons. 
There are limited teams in the NY office 
Upper management tends to micromanage and they keep adding responsibilities to job expectations. Proper training is generally not provided. 
Your happiness depend a lot on your team dynamic and manager some managers can be very pushy or bring bad work culture from their previous employment. 
lack of leadership direction, Lazslo's book is great reading but not all the concepts are really fully practiced at Google 
overall Google's focus is on defending their cash cow; their other activities almost seem like they're just trying to keep talent off the market and away from competitors. that means if you're an engineer, you'll have a great time. but if you're a product-oriented person, caring about market success, customer satisfaction, etc, you'll get frustrated after a few years. top management is very split in it's priorities,\302\240\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
Don't expect lots of hand-holding from management and team leader. 
The sales org is huge. You can easily project your career growth, or lack there of. Very easy to look at your role today and map out the 24-36 month promotion cycle, with minimal fluctuation. Every year or so, some new person in upper management comes in wanting to make a name for themselves and re-orgs, which is a fancy way to say they just shuffle the deck, everyone is confused for a month or so, then people just g\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
Career evolution can be non-existant, so much depends on how good your manager is. 
working hard, too much work sometimes 
There are not any cons 
I have no cons to add 
Career evolution can be non-existant, so much depends on how good your manager is. 
Its a big company so its sometimes slow and sometimes very fast paced which can be time consuming 
over rated, boring, hierarchical, political 
Company is getting big and lost some of the original culture. 
They've grown. 
Awful bureaucracy, poor management support. 
There really aren't too many downsides. Maybe one would be that everyone else there is also smart and it is hard to really stand out as being great. 
Relationship driven environment which some times hurt people who are result oriented and doesn't like to gossiping around. I have seen when top performer let go. 
Poor chances for promotion, 
The actual work... it will probably suck. Don't be fooled. You will probably get told very little about your role before you start. Then you will spend a lot of time ramping up in your job, drinking from a hose, and one Sunday evening discover that the fit is bad and dread Monday morning. All you can do is suck it up, smile, find the good in your job or try to find a new role. Good luck with finding a new job in Goog\342\200\246\302\240Show More 
There are not many Cons in this business so thanks everyone 
Commute is tough, if you don't like shuttles. 
promotion is much slower and harder than other places. 
I can't think of any con of Google. If you have the chance, please come to Google. 
Not much to do here 
Preventative-only health insurance for contractors, which is effectively no insurance at all. I had to buy my own. 
There should be more room for contractors to convert, especially if they have shown exceptional performance. 
High cost of living (Mountain View, CA) 
Big company (it can be hard to feel you are making a difference for the company). 
Work life balance can be an issue. 
It takes time to get promoted and there are always tons of emails to check! 
It's big... really big 
I can not think of any. you can do anything you wish as long as you get your job done. nobody looking over you making you nervous 
Nothing bad, free food and nice working culture 
Large corporation, so it has typical big company problems- hard to have career growth, promotions are difficult to get, decent amount of bureaucracy, you are one among many people, etc. 
The office space is outdated. Could use new radio equipment. 
