* If you're a software engineer, you're among the kings of the hill at Google. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused).
1) Food, food, food. 15+ cafes on main campus (MTV) alone. Mini-kitchens, snacks, drinks, free breakfast/lunch/dinner, all day, errr'day.
You can't find a more well-regarded company that actually deserves the hype it gets.
- You drive yourself here. If you want to grow, you have to seek out opportunities and prove that your worth. This keeps you motivated.
Teamwork, always someone who can help, competitive, fun environment, free food, intelligent colleagues everywhere
Great culture, smart, motivated employees
The best company I have been to! Learnt a lot and I love the working environment.
Really intelligent people to work with, great infrastructure and tools, focus on excellence.
Incredibly smart coworkers, best tools I've ever used, silly offices, free food, one project can affect millions of people and dollars.
Seemingly unlimited resources; work with top/diverse talent from across the globe; amazing perks from food to testing of prototype consumer technologies.
Everyone is vibrant and high-energy. Truly a fun place to get your nerd on. Oh and we do work sometimes. The campus is huge and contains many perks such as a gym and cafeteria.
Smart people who are passionate about their job.
There a huge diversity of work ranging from defending independent journalism worldwide (Google Project Shield).
Super smart people, engineering culture.
great teams and location and food
Smart co-workers, challenging problems, great perks
Amazing place to work - great people and great benefits
Exciting to work in a company that powers billions of people's lives everyday.
+ Awesome projects
Very impactful work, great coworkers, good work-life balance, some interesting projects.
There benifits are good,and it will bring you a lot of good things for your family.
Google is the best company to work for. The perks are amazing, every detail is considered! The work is interesting and colleagues smart and fun to work with.
Google deserves every bit of its \Best Company to Work For\ reputation. My own experience was in getting to build a business from scratch inside the company and watching it flourish.
Good infrastructure, good people to work with, nice perks.
Amazing benefits, good pay, extremely intelligent people, engaging work that impacts a lot of people. Managers are competent, and promotion is meritocratic.
Great perks. Flexible schedule. Meet great people.
There are so many great benefits at Google. Food, exercise classes, and the work spaces are just great. Great sense of freedom and that you are in control of what you're working on
Tons of perks, good pay. If you have the chance, it's worth working there and experiencing it!
Friendly and competitive environment,unlimited food and perks.I have worked for google more than 3 years and always felt this place like my second home.
- Extremely smart and nice people
Great smart people. All the usual perks
Great place as long as your team is good. If your team is not that good, you always have the option to switch.
I learn a lot. Google pays for my Masters degree at Stanford.
Huge Impact, lots of interesting people you work with, people get excited every time you mention you work there. Overall though I really enjoyed working there and would recommend.
You will learn more here than anywhere else you've worked.
Great coworkers and a ton of opportunities.
Very friendly people and very interesting work. The working environment is very nice and we only need to worry about work we are responsible for, and anything else is well taken care of by other assistants and applications.
- Access to a vast wealth of technical resources and people
Huge resources available, world-class brilliant people to work with. Great place to learn how to scale real-world systems.
It's a good company, good place to work and good place to learn.
Good opportunities, mobility, good reward
Everything you've ever heard about working at Google is true. Benefits are awesome, coworkers are awesome, and your work affects millions of people.
Great perks, amazing technology, inspiring activities
The company offers generous perks. The locations of headquarters and other offices are great.
great environment and place to work
Food, Google Bus, Great culture, upward mobility, independent office hours
Work with top notch people and learn how to build product for millions of users.
Google is still full of bright motivated people, working on world-class products. The company is led by solid people, who truly care about continuing to make the world a better place.
Awesome benefits and ability to work remotely or from other offices, free food is a major plus as well
great work environment
hard to get in
Google is as advertised - it's an amazing place to work full of incredibly smart people working on interesting and challenging problems. The pay and perks are great. In theory there is a lot of opportunity for mobility and Google does seem committed to developing people over the course of their careers.
Google was a great company to work.
Great Learning Opportunities
Its a fun place to work
Flexible hours, awesome benefits, amazing coworkers!
Work with the smartest people. Fast paced. Challenging.
strong financial, lavish perks, smart people to learn from
Google is probably the best corporate environment to work in. A lot of opportunities to get exposed to things outside of your immediate job. Strong brand allows you to open many doors. Of course the perks have
1. Work with smart people in a great company
Very creative atmosphere, and the quality of people you work with is noticeably better than anywhere else.
google has a very flexible culture. You can benefits from learning experience from other geeks.
great place to work as a fulltime/intern
Some of the best perks in the industry.
Great people (generally smart, friendly, and hard-working)
Good benefits, Smart people, great culture
Talented people, interesting projects, good perks and benefits.
It was great. It was a different time but it was great.
Overall work and life balance is promoted through various incentives. The people are bright and great to work with. Free breakfast and lunch! Google offers multiple perks. There's interest groups for about anything, volunteering opportunities, and projects outside your domain expertise to get involved with. You have a portal to learn various skills on your own or on your expertise at about anytime as long as you sign\342\200\246\302\240Show More
Even though I am not an employee of Google, I still get many of the perks like food and coffee and the gym
Colleagues and managers were extremely supportive
Salary and benefits are decent
Incredibly brilliant people, very comfortable amenities and perks. The opportunity to solve (mostly) really interesting challenges and problems at a HUGE scale.
- Work is technically challenging. Not incremental stuff, 50% devoted to ambitious work
food, intelligent people, great access to resource and mentors
It's Google after all! I had a great time working there and my co-workers were quite supportive.
- Work with top coders on the planet.
Free food- they have professional chefs
Great culture.
perks (lots of free stuff)
Great food. Smart coworkers. Nice weather.
Exciting business opportunities
they were ok, good management, good environment
Independent working ethics for staff
nice people, and great benefits
If is full time could be perfect
During the time I was at Google, I have had the pleasure to work with smart, savvy, and dedicated people who truly have passions for what we do - it is contagious.
All benefits on food, drink. Well life-work balance and provide good environment to work.
Super awesome place I need one more word.
Everyday is an exciting challenge. The people are incredible.
Really loyal place to work like a family.
Great people, awesome culture (people are Googley), gourmet food.
A lot of freedom for charting your own path. A lot more encouragement to make yourself productive than being pressured to be productive.
Great area and good pay
free food management cares about their employees.
Very good atmosphere to work
tons of perks, dog friendly
high salary, good insurance and benefits
many money and good benefit.
Lot of opportunity for work and fun. Agree that is #1 place to work for. Good food, good peers and good projects.
Lot of opportunity for work and fun. Agree that is #1 place to work for. Good food, good peers and good projects.
salary, benefits, flexibility, culture, transparency
Great atmosphere and the schedule is very flexible
A lot of responsibility. Exciting. Fantastically smart, capable, and fun colleagues. Great salary and benefits. Lots of international travel. Entrepreneurial culture.
Super smart people, great infrastructure, access to lots of users. Potential for big impact.
Lots of things to learn. Free food, gyms, bike, shuttle, laundry; smart people, now, what else do I miss?
fun and intellectually stimulating work environment, great people
Access/exposure to a lot of cool projects before they are widely known to the public and your foot in the door to landing a full time position with the company
this job has really given me insight out the job game really works. I learned how to develop software in my spare time and always love the cafeteria
I worked at Google for over 7 years. It is the longest that I have worked at any company. That is a testimonial to how good the company is! I left Google because I wanted to try my hand at starting my own company or joining an early stage start up.
Work with some of the smartest and most creative talent around, contribute to a company that makes a significant impact in the daily lives of billions of users, enjoy all the amazing benefits and perks.
Very good working environment, smart people, great benefit. Also a very good work - life balance
Great benefits, surrounded by smart/motivated people, lots of perks, locations around the world, 401K match, health benefits are outstanding
Amazing place to learn, grow, and have a scaled impact
The culture is amazing! What you read in the articles about the perks and people is absolutely true. It's great to work at a company that offers 3 meals a day Monday-Friday, where I feel comfortable around 100% of the people and where you have the ability to make your own schedule.
Good for most of the things
Getting to work for Google. Great culture outside of the ITRP program.
All of the perks are incredible!
Google spoils its employees. Free breakfast lunch and dinner, great amenities, and budgets never seem to be an issue (at other jobs I've had to beg travel budget -- at Google, I can pretty much take any trip I think is worthwhile). They also do tons to reduce friction as an employee.
Whatever you can think of! I feel like a king when I'm at work. I absolutely love my job!!!!
Whatever you can think of! I feel like a king when I'm at work. I absolutely love my job!!!!
Because I will create helpful tools to use
The perks are amazing!
Great place to work love it
Amazing people and atmosphere. Crazy good benefits.
lots of new projects and good team to work with..
great company, had an amazing time and learned a lot. look forward to going back. super fun people and had a very good time. love google. love it so much
- Very smart people
Flexible, lots of opportunities, good environment.
great company to work for
The work culture is excellent; being nice to others is rewarded socially, and economically. The projects are incredibly diverse, and challenging. And the compensation and perks are very generous. As the person leading the orientation told me on my first day: \We want you to be happy. If you're happy you're more productive.\ I'm happy indeed :)
you can work on what you want to work on
Great perks, very smart people, great atmosphere, good leadership. Overall, very nice company to work for and a lot to learn from. Good compensation doesn't hurt.
+ Stable job
Free food, good infrastructure, mostly great people, mission, if you can get into a team that actually has a mission. Good pay, though no longer the best. Engineers still (mostly) run things there. It's easy to switch projects if you perform well and opportunities are actually available (which is not a given, especially in remote offices). It also feels like the company actually gives a damn about making the front li\342\200\246\302\240Show More
Perfect Salary, work enviroment
good pay, perks
Work life balance is great. Free food.
Free food, smart people, great pay, exciting work! The bay area has beautiful weather as well which is a bonus
The perks are legendary here. Contrary to rumors, the food quality is still very good, some of the newer cafes on the main campus get rave reviews. Get to work with lots of very smart people, with mostly good attitudes. Very academic atmosphere where research and analysis of data is the preferred way to guide decisions.
Lots of opensource , good environment
You'll be surrounded by very smart people, which helps your professional growth; compensation & benefits make you feel valued by the company
Great coworkers, detailed docs and a lot of learning materials to help you become a good engineer.
Google is a great company at the forefront of technological advancement. The pay and hours are good and the work culture is laid back.
Product and tech leadership are outstanding, no one else is doing what Google is and succeeding.
Great people, lots of perks, awesome benefits, global scope.
Tremendous opportunity to learn and develop a deep understanding of how global scale technologies and companies need to work.
Growth potential, benefits, innovation, community contribution, health care,
I've gone from a new grade hire to the tech lead of a 8 person team in 2 1/2 years, and I've learned a ton along the way. Not every engineer you'll work with is amazing, some are just good, and a few are mediocre. However, so many are amazing that it's an absolute pleasure to work on the same codebase as they do.
Every perk you can imagine!
good working environment, handsome salary,good growth and free lunch. you will learn lot of new things, diverse working environment.
Great benefits, work life balance, growth opportunities. Promoted to lead expansion in new geos within 2 years. Fun outings and team building
Great place to work and build your career.
Great environment, lots of opportunities
Lots of accomplished and diverse engineers around you, best practices are very refined, mentorship and sense of community between teams and buildings is very strong if you are willing to participate!
Lots of perks - amazing free food, micro kitchens stocked with snacks and any kind of beverage you'd want, baristas, fitness center, subsidized massages and more. They compensation is generous and most of the employees are very fun, nice and smart.
Perks are too many to mention and with so many smart people to follow around you're going to learn a lot!
Google has the clout and money necessary to provide all the resources necessary to succeed.
Great culture, it's up to you to make your impact, amazing technology, treat us like adults, food's awesome, total comp is really great (current stock price really helps!)
* Friendly and smart co worker
Lots of mobility, opportunities to be creative and take the lead.
Great place to work at. Literally has everything you need to work, eat, and play.
I was experiencing great fulfillment working for such great Company, using my linguistic skills and Italian culture in a multicultural environment.
Great culture. Company really puts employee first.
flexible working hours and the work-life balance
Great place to work, lots of places to eat and drink
it was awesome I really liked the culture of Google. I loved coming to work everyday.
Great coworkers, lots of opportunities
Culture, people, great benefits and perks, competitive compensation
You'll get to work with a lot of smart folks...
Great people, Great culture and Wonderful opportunities.
Constant change
great perks and great work environment.
Open culture; fast moving; dynamic; ambitious; lots of perks; strong culture
Excellent pay and benefits (by far the best software engineering pay I've seen in the Boston area). Higher bonus and stock than anywhere else, too.
Smart and engaging coworkers, free food/beverages, free transportation, free parking, access to Google events, free massages
Good perks, food, general Google lifestyle
Culture of innovation, appreciation for strong performance, high value placed on quality managers.
1. The job is challenging and you get to learn.
Free food, nice environment, decent salary, good company reputation, and a lot more great things.
Free food, nice environment, decent salary, good company reputation, and a lot more great things.
-Amazing coworkers and teammates
Google has a very open culture. Granted, being a large company, its ideals aren't always met, but the the culture of the company is to constantly strive to meet them. Among all the current large companies in the world, the culture is vastly superior.
Google offers real challenge to employees that want to work hard
Good food. Good co-workers, Opportunities to leave the comapny
Opportunity to grow, training and integrity, people will feel good about themselg
Great work Envirnoment and friendly staff.
They fly you out to Mountain View HQ over summer to get trained for a few days. You learn about the Google culture, explore their offices, and have fun with the other Ambassadors. All the Ambassadors stay in a hotel. During the daytime, you have a bunch of workshops at the offices and free food. At night you go back to the hotels and PARTY! Jk, well you can. Oh and everything is ALL EXPENSE PAID!
Google is a good place to work with free food and great perks. the 20% time to work on own projects is a bit blown though
-Food
Salaries are competitive. Perks and benefits are great. The culture of \do no evil.\ is still alive.
Nice environment, good food, many fun
The best part of the job is when you just talk with your mates and have fun because thats what it is all about.
(1) Countless perks that probably adds 20% to your base salary (including free food, transportation, gym, dance/sports classes, etc)
Free meals; Easy going, laid back work environment.
Lots of potential for learning on exciting projects
Relaxed atmosphere means you aren't having your back watched. Folks can inflate their performance if they want and don't have to work too hard. Probably put in realistically about 30 hours per week of real work. Great benefits including free meals, free barista, free juice bar, free on-site gym with trainers, lots of events including on-site presenters. Local and Global perks including discounts on EVERYTHING much li\342\200\246\302\240Show More
Great Company. The food is amazing. The people are brilliant, and the passion is palpable!
Great benefits and friendly people. Never had a terrible day here.
Great benefits, opportunity to work with smart individuals. NYC building is gorgeous.
Working for a company that has massive scale, reach, and a positive influence on people every day. Transparency from the very top down. Opportunities to work with brilliant minds.
All the benefits are amazing.
Free food, great benefits, flexible work environment.
Nothing to add here unfortunately
Living the Google life.
very smart people, fascinating innovation, amazing perks
Great work life balance, amazing perks, smart and ambitious co-workers. Great lateral mobility opportunities at the company. Food is amazing too.
Google is perhaps the best big corporation you can work for which is well known so I don't have to write much here.
Great company culture and benefits
Great place to work at
Great engineering teams. Great infrastructure.
Great teams, great products, great environment. Highly recommended.
Work at google to get free food
Great benefits; Free Food; Smart Coworkers; Impactful Projects
There is always fascinating, challenging work to do and plenty of opportunity to improve professional skills. We have the resources we need to achieve our goals. We enjoy excellent benefits, and the over-all compensation packages are terrific. It is possible to achieve a healthy work-life balance.
Amazing benefits, especially insurance and maternity leave
Your work gets a lot of exposure.
Google is the most innovative large company that treats their employees well.
Had a lot of fun at this job. Was really cool to be working for google. Would recomend.
Great perks, work environment, free food
Easy to recruiter folks when you have a big brand like Google behind you. My manager was generally available and was great about internal mobility.
There were a lot of perks, everyone raves about the breakfast, lunch and dinner. I guess it really helps with your productivity
Good work life balance.
Fast Smart Rewarding People Location
Great Food, Perks and Benefits
Great place to be great job
Free, heathy food offerings, good benefits package
Google paid very well overall as long as you can pass the interviews.
the company has great perks and snacks
Tales of terrible work-life balance are exaggerated, tales of lavish benefits are not. 9-5 or 10-6 are pretty standard working hours, although some choose to work longer.
The best company in the world
Smart and interesting people. Great culture. Engineers rule. Fun work environment. Pretty open and transparent leadership. Clear career paths that strive to be a meritocracy. Yummy free food and snacks. I enjoyed my time there.
Google has amazing benefits and perks, a lively social atmosphere, and some of the most talented and bright sales people you'll meet
Good people. great work environment.
We made the best tacos
Great people to work with.
work life balance. good working environment
Working in a company that makes amazing products, having access to amazing people, and being able to affect technology that will have an impact.
work-life balance, perks/benefits, impactful work, job security
Easy to recruiter folks when you have a big brand like Google behind you. My manager was generally available and was great about internal mobility.
nothing
Passionate people
Wonderful mission from the founders and leaders, which truly trickle down to every aspect of the company. Employees feel connected and included in the amazing contributions made from the entire Google workforce. You can tell that the founders truly do have idealistic notions that permeate the culture and create an atmosphere that is difficult to find and authentically recreate.
- Velocity
Free food, great campus, great space, great people, unlimited resources, always something to do
Google has great coworkers, top-notch hardware and software infrastructure, excellent total compensation, lots of autonomy for workers, and excellent managers.
cool, smart people, pretty laid back, lots of the perks of being a google employee (e.g. games, lots of free food, etc)
Loved the people when I started, loved the perks, loved the flexibility and trust in employees. Awesome opportunities for side projects
Good work-life balance. You can easily stay at T5 while working 40 hours a week.
Great Benefits, Good Perks, Smart Co-workers
Great company to work for, fun times and challenging problems every day of the week. great food also.
very engaging and creative work
Its a great environment and i love it
Great culture, perks, brilliant peers.
Amazing food, perks, people, etc
Perks, culture, coworkers are all spectacular
really great opportunity to network and meet new people.
smart co-workers and they are nice ppl
Culture, people, opportunities, benefits. A lot of the people think Google is all about lava lamps, free food, big pay checks. If Google removes all of it, Google will still be Google
great great pay and benefits
Great work conditions and good atmosphere also really nice benefits. Also the work space is really nice and love the free food
Smart people
Excellent first company to join after college. Best launchpad for career.
Great campus and intern culture
good easy, fun, good management, smart
free food, massages, co workers and environment
Great company, lots of interesting work, great coworkers, upward mobility.
Flex time and once you leave work your day is done.
awesome people, great perks, best place to launch a career.
Free stuff is pretty awesome
Visionary leadership, interesting products, great brand, great perks, very focused on employee development/growth
It's Google. You work with smart people, work on interesting projects, and have fantastic perks. Work life balance was surprisingly good.
Imagine a place that you are working with the 20% people all the time, this is how it is working in Google. You can trust your co-working to get their part done almost 90+% of the time without nagging them.
Great benefits and work-life balance, smart people and interesting products
work with smart people laid back environment learned a lot.
Culture, People, Experience, Mobility, Pace
Goog knowledge of electrical feed for telecomunications
loved everything about it. was a fun place to work
Lots of perks: free food, free gym, on site massages, great opportunities to learn about different areas of the business, excellent coworkers-a pleasure to work with most people at Google.
Google provides an opportunity to work with super smart, engaged people on exciting, fast-moving projects that have a huge impact. The wonderful benefits don't hurt, either.
Smart people
Strong culture, lots of really smart people from whom you can learn a lot. Great resources, every aspect of company is innovative and doesn't settle for OK. Fun environment.
1. Good procedure
Work with really smart, driven people. Product development and managers were top notch. I was able to move around to different teams and global offices every few years -- awesome!
free snacks
The work is interesting, and not tedious or boring. The expectations are not unreasonable. There is room to grow, ands expand ones skill set using the 20% time. Coworkers are amazing and one learns a lot. Perks are pretty awesome
very fun place to work, lots of smart people
it's generous to engineers, and more
Good money, good people, good food. Everyone I've worked with at Google has been a pleasure to work with.
You can take it easy.
good food and coffee free
Great to stay in google with open atmosphere
Bright and engaging people, amazing financial and non-financial benefits, healthy work life balance. Easily the biggest advantage of working at Google is the people; extremely intelligent, team oriented, and genuine.
Great benefits and international career opps.
The basics, free food, good benefits (but now most tech companies have the same benefits), a lot of good people.
Smart coworkers, open culture, many challenging problems, good compensation, many good benefits if you take advantage of them
Great work environment and very much engineering focused
Lots of autonomy, fun place to work, talented co-workers
I'm a loyal worker.
culture, people, benefits - 3 factors that contribute to the low attrition rate because employees enjoy the idea of coming to work and look forward to taking up new challenges
You can achieve great balance between life and work.
Security. Google is a safe bet. Innovation is paced though, as with any developed company. All my time was spent in Google for Work org, which was very different from greater Google and had poor leadership. Was inconsequential enough that greater Google hadn't yet taken notice, but I predict a big shake up soon.
Amazing benefits
Dynamic, fast-moving company
It is a fun and exciting place for anybody to work with all the new and exciting things that they envint.
good work envir, loveit, free food, flexible work hours
So much fun. Great people
The perks are awesome, specifically the gourmet food served for breakfast/lunch/dinner 5 days a week. The luxury shuttles are the most comfortable way to make the commute from SF and the 401K/health/dental plans are top notch. Super smart people and lots of projects going on that are changing the world.
good experience, good people, good atmosphere, loved my co-workers, can be fun
Great benefits. The best team I've ever worked with. Lots of team building opportunities.
- Free Food!
It's fun you can do whatever you want. I work on !y own schedule so I have a lot of free time
Smart engineers and brilliant computer science. Great facility. A rich assortment of on-campus perks. The meals. The visiting speakers. And the daily bus service helps tremendously.
Good technology, great people and huge profit from ads
They really care about your personal career path as well as your quality of life, so I got a really kind impression while I was an intern there. I also loved playing volleyball, and the Mountain View campus had great access to sand volleyball courts!
co-operation, High salary, new technologies ... etc
Mentorship is baked into the internship program. My host was great, and we had weekly meetings to review feedback for each other.
Its a good job with good school medical and dental benefits
I felt like the company was truly invested in me (and my professional development) and that the people around me genuinely appreciated my contributions.
Cares about employees, self-starter culture
The products are world-class, the company culture is amazing, and the people are some of the smartest people you'll know.
Best density of talent at any large company, their office productivity suite (e.g. gmail) is definitely the best, food is quite good, especially the coffee barista
They do so much for the world. Amazing projects and initiatives taking place at the company.
It is great to work with smart coworkers. It saves a lot of time in making things clear. Most of the time communication is efficient, expect when there is conflicts among senior leaders.
benefits (plus four more words)
- Talented Colleagues
- The people you work with! No matter what team you work on, you're going to work with lovely, interesting, and overall brilliant colleagues. The work itself and your clients are interesting and constantly changing. There is also the added benefit of plenty of opportunities for role changes and location changes all around the world
great perks, great place to be
Challenging status quo and building software for a better tomorrow.
Great perks, smart people, good pay
Justification to purchase tools for the work is quick and easy
good atmosphere, team environment, hard work
- nobody tells you what to do, you find your own problems and solve them
Google set the bar for what all companies should strive for regarding culture and benefits. But the true secret to Google's success is a management philosophy of hiring the best people and trusting them to do their own work without top down hierarchical direction.
Very smart people and flexibility to choose your projects, to choose your research areas. Overall I think my coworkers are extremely well qualified for their job.
The salary is high; I couldn't make this much anywhere else.
Overall Google is a great company with lots of benefits such as free food, gym, paid internet, cell phone, lots of vacation and free transportation.
Google has amazing people working there, and they are eager to help you learn as much as possible. The other benefits are just icing on the cake.
Healthcare plan
Awesome culture and co-workers. Really great work life balance.
Great perks, talented employees. Flexible hours, interesting projects - easy to move from team to team. Physical health prioritized with facilities on campus.
Great benefits and company culture.
Relaxing work environment.
* Google has, bar none, some of the best office schemes I've ever seen. Their conference room layouts make a lot of sense, and the designs and liveliness pouring through those walls were on another level.
Entrepreneurial culture, very dynamic projects. The teams are made up of some of people with some of the most diverse backgrounds I have ever seen.
Treat employees really well
Great People. Great Culture. Great Benefits.
Good pay
Great opportunity for growth.
Work/life balance.
Fun great excellent amazing outstan
Everything is great to work for google.
Google speaks for itself. Great resources, best minds in the world. Flat organization with high degree of autonomy
Excellent food and the location is good for many activities.
Huge level of responsibility and interesting work
Good communication in management
Lots of smart people, challenging work, and flexibility to move around to different teams.
Amazing management, perks, food, fun, coworkers, atmosphere, it was just a wonderful place to work.
Awesome place to work at.
Good compensation and benefits. Depending on the team, work can be interesting. Usually everybody on the team is smart.
Food is very very good
Amazing perks and benefits
One of the best companies you could ever hope to work for
Super smart people, lots of free stuff. Amazing to work at Google, just to realize it's not all that.
flexible works hours are the best
Great co-workers, managers and projects.
Huge infrastructure for employee benefits. Low risk. Work with smart people. Free food is convenient and healthy. Buses make the commute more tolerable. People usually given a high degree of independence and trust.
- high impact projects/teams
Great benefits, and get to work with some brilliant folk.
Free food free naps free massages cool and brilliant coworkers. Cool projects. Amazing campus. Shuttle buses. Interesting opportunities for career advancement
Smart people: Hiring bar is very high.
Awesome people awesome culture awesome place to work free food
Amazing culture, smart people, great career opportunities, free food, benefits
Challenging work, smart co-workers, less politics more work.
Working with intelligent and innovative people.
Fun, caring, and overall great environment.
I got to work with a fabulous team with excellent dynamics, doing interesting work. The support for interns was definitely there, the perks were out of this world, and almost anyone was open for reaching out and grabbing a cup of coffee with.
the pros are that it's google
Culture, Benefits, workplace, research job
Great colleagues, competitive pay, industry leading benefits, nimble for a large company. The company is pursuing very lofty goals and really leading the industry on a number of fronts. After 8 years, Google is still a great place to work and I can't imagine working for any other company. The only thing that could pull me away would be to start my own venture.
Amazing perks and benefits
Great food, perks, lifestyle. Really smart people to learn from. Lots of cool projects to contribute to.
Colleagues are smart, motivated, and nice. They keep me coming back. Vacation policy is pretty generous for US.
Wow I couldn't believe how amazing it was to work at Google. Amazing.
Good food, good people, good position and good techniques.
Free food, adventure, proximity to \Google\
Great work-life balance. Very friendly and cooperative colleagues, partly due to the way we hand out promotions. Internally rather transparent and management seems to listen to what we want.
Many smart people and nice people. People are very understanding and helpful. Lots of opportunity to learn if you actually make the effort to do so.
Everything is very very good
This is one of the most inspiring companies I've been involved with - they have a mission to change the way children are educated and a clear vision for how to help
Great experience! learned a lot with a lot of activities!
Intellectual environment, fast paced and ambitious.
Brilliant people to work with and fantastic culture
People, perks, energy, and environment.
-99% of the people you work with are brilliant, but are also not jerks
culture, products, impact, people, fun
Brilliant people organizing information. Doesn't get much better.
Good food and amazing ppl to work with
Lot's of interesting projects to tackle.
it was a really rich and positive experience
Incredibly diverse company with great people tries to take over the world of information!
good experience, good people, good atmosphere, loved my co-workers, can be fun
Coding workflow and tools are streamlined and integrated, allowing you to focus on codin, solving problems, and working with team members.
1) Open atmosphere and friendly coworkers
I think it is fun and easy
Amazing team mates, great perks. Very fair in all processes
great compensation, great perks, brilliant coworkers. The food there is amazing, great leisure time and freedom to pursue my own interests.
Great perks, strong team in NYC
money, money, money, money, money. and the free food. free trainings. money. I would have quit a long time ago were it not for the money.
Amazing people to work with and learn from.
Culture has a noticeable focus on being nice to one another, get to work on exciting things
clean environment nice work space
You can learn a lot from internal materials if you want to. Great culture.
Well-paid, fun, everyone is friendly, work as much you want and can do, off site visits, it's Google!
great benefits, fun environment, job stability, working on amazing projects with smart people that impact the whole world
Ability to switch between multiple groups. Never gets boring.
challenging but satisfying. Peer review makes you smile at others all the time
Amazing work environment to work in
Great benefits and good pay
they care about their employees. it's a great place to work. ca might be a better environment, though.
Nice place, cool team members
Smartest collection of co-workers I've experienced
So much energy, very rewarding. Google is amazingly open and flexible. Work life balance can be what you want it to be on most teams. (Some teams are in more competitive sectors and require more crazy hours all the time - but very few of them).
The pay is great, the benefits are second to none. Dev hardware is insane, production resources are seemingly unlimited.
Great exposure to the world's best technology
Great environment, smart people, leadership is open and upfront, launch and iterate is real and helpful
Amazing work environment to work in
Benefits, variety of work, high learning curve
Own Google Corporate credit card, top of the line cell phone, tablet combo,$65 a day food allowance, free monthly rental cars, travel to places ordinarily wouldn't be able to travel to, pay
work with great people there.
Simply a great company that treats employees very well
The people are among the smartest, most driven co-workers. This made it a fantastic experience.
currently think out of none
Google has excellent menu choices. The salary is high for a new grade. They have a very nice working environment.
This is an excellent growth opportunity company.
Free food, nice work environment and nice salary. And lots of opportunity to be exposed to new technology. And everyone is friendly
Perks and the culture of the company
Awesome perks, I am happy whenever I work on site.
Good company. Good benefits. Smart people
Benefits are amazing.
I really enjoy working with my current team! Google, as everyone know, is a very innovative place and people thrive to invent new thing every day! I am glad to be part of the such successful company.
Gain in-depth technical skills working with highly competent and friendly coworkers.
Treated well and as an equal
Smart people, hard working, well known
Complete and powerful tool chain
support, perks, culture, team, learning opportunities
-not being micromanaged
Food, laundry, gym, bikes... Free? Fun and challenging
The resident at the facility was very nice. My Co-workers were also nice. There was good teamwork even though we were short staff.
Great benefits and with okay salary for business side as well. Just a little bit down from management consulting firms. Once you are in the Google network, it will be easy for you to find jobs elsewhere too and the connections won't die after you leave.
Great place to work/perks/culture/fun/learning and very smart ambitious people to work with. Great name on your resume
perks, food, gym, culture, love, food, massage, location, fun, beers, events, working with young people and people that are smart
Decent pay and benefits, good bonuses and stock grants. Some really inspiring and talented coworkers. Learning opportunities. Some travel if you want it.
Wants their employees to be happy, will do anything and everything they can do make this happen.
All expenses paid trip to Google HQ in Mountain View California
Great Working Environment. Great Perks
Benefits are as good as advertised. Company really does view its employees as its largest asset and takes care of them.
Excellent working environment, Great food from breakfast to dinner and free transport.
It had a fun work environment, and people are amazing.
Competitive compensation. World renown perks. Very smart coworkers. Impactful projects.
Awesome work life really got to enjoy myself and didnt feel like i was under to much pressure.
Work own schedule which is pretty good.
Sense of pride because you represent Google on your college campus, a lot of swag and some incentives. Good for making connections
Awesome perks (meals, snacks, coffee, events), great mentorship, work-life balance point, supportive community, and just an overall great internship experience.
Good Salary and benefits and emerging technology that gives good work experience. Work environment is good, and there are some employee discount perks.
Google has great amenities. You get free food, massages, gym. Great snacks and drinks. Friendly and smart co workers. More recruiters contact you.
collaboration, open culture, continuously challenging
extremely smart co-workers, a lot of resources, excellent perks and working environment, modern internal tools, an innovative and smart environment. if you have an opportunity to work there, there's really little reason not to try it for a few years at least. if you thrive, you thrive, if you don't, it looks great on the resume. one of Google's main attractions as an employer is that it's really a win-win to work the\342\200\246\302\240Show More
Freedom for self-motivated people to succeed. Upper management values ideas from individuals. Highly qualified and motivated co-workers. Best place to work.
The benefits are what you would dream of. Never pay for the dr again, eat anythign and everything you want. Smart people. Everything there just kind of 'works.' None of those annoying dead ends that other companies have.
Lots of innovation, exciting projects, very smart people to collaborate with, mostly good work/life balance
exciting, awesome, critical thinking, i really like it
It is very cool. That's all I have to say
Amazing campus, food was wonderful, and the people are super friendly. I never wanted to leave
Lots of innovation, exciting projects, very smart people to collaborate with, mostly good work/life balance
Free food amazing perks and overall good pay and benefits and amazing challenges.
perks, salary, benefits, brand name, prestige
Awesome run. Great People. Managing \bigness\ as well as can be expected
The most obvious reasons, the ones you always hear, are absolutely true: Food, massage, freedom, games. You're spoiled, with good reason, and yes it really does help to increase productivity.
Great perks and benefits, decent compensation, brilliant people.
Very relaxed work place. Perks include great free food and drinks basically everywhere you go, and great coworkers. They give interns real projects as well.
Good Training, lots of exposer, mentorship
Great place to work, great perks.
They have interesting technology. The food is nice. You will probably like your colleagues. There is a lot of smart, driven people here. You will be recruited from other companies pretty heavily.
There a good company and u will love what u do
No micromanagement, employees are empowered.
Culture, compensation & benefit, management, products.
Google has very good benefit including health insurance, 401k and free breafast, lunch, dinner.
Typical Tech Company with benefits
Great perks--food is amazing and everywhere, bus service allows me to work while commuting, lots of on-campus amenities.
Incredibly intelligent people who are willing to share their knowledge with you. Great food, lots of opportunity to gain new skills, particularly if you're a new grad.
Good perks, free food, pool/gym
Great perks (food, gym, etc). Opportunities to transfer roles, transfer internationally etc. Respectful managers & team members.
Great company to work for.
Amazing benefits, co-workers, and insurance. There are opportunities for advancement and ability to travel worldwide.
Compensation and benefits
If you love computers then there is no better company than this. I got spoiled there because after the intership ended I then realized how bad other companies are
Great work and environment nice location and competitive salary
Great place to start a career or work for a while. You learn a ton of best practices, work in the great company which is Google, enjoy all of the amazing Google benefits, and get to work with awesome people. Also, it's a wonderful brand to be associated with, and you constantly learn innovative ideas and mindsets (especially if you go to TGIF).
Great work culture. Driven individuals. Fun place to work.
